;=======================================================================
;BEGIN:------------------- Royal Ladies of the Court-------------------;
;=======================================================================
declare_counter constantinople_courtesan_id
declare_counter london_courtesan_id
declare_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id
declare_counter paris_courtesan_id
declare_counter arhus_courtesan_id
declare_counter oslo_courtesan_id
declare_counter leon_courtesan_id
declare_counter lisbon_courtesan_id
declare_counter naples_courtesan_id
declare_counter genoa_courtesan_id
declare_counter novgorod_courtesan_id
declare_counter krakow_courtesan_id
declare_counter kiev_courtesan_id
declare_counter venice_courtesan_id
declare_counter esztergom_courtesan_id
declare_counter milan_courtesan_id
declare_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id
declare_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id
declare_counter cordoba_courtesan_id
declare_counter rome_courtesan_id
declare_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id
declare_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id
declare_counter vilnius_courtesan_id

;Cities where courtesans are available:
monitor_event PreFactionTurnStart TrueCondition
 and I_TurnNumber < 1
	console_command create_building Constantinople royal_court
	console_command create_building London royal_court
	console_command create_building Frankfurt royal_court
	console_command create_building Paris royal_court
	console_command create_building Arhus royal_court
	console_command create_building Oslo royal_court
	console_command create_building Leon royal_court
	console_command create_building Lisbon royal_court
	console_command create_building Naples royal_court
	console_command create_building Genoa royal_court
	console_command create_building Novgorod royal_court
	console_command create_building Krakow royal_court
	console_command create_building Kiev royal_court
	console_command create_building Venice royal_court
	console_command create_building Esztergom royal_court
	console_command create_building Milan royal_court
	console_command create_building Edinburgh royal_court
	console_command create_building Zaragoza royal_court
	console_command create_building Cordoba royal_court
	console_command create_building Rome royal_court
	console_command create_building Jerusalem royal_court
	console_command create_building Kutaisi royal_court
	console_command create_building Vilnius royal_court
	terminate_monitor
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Constantinople
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Aleksandra Adrianopolites
			spawn_character byzantium Aleksandra Adrianopolites, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Adrianopolites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Adrianopolites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Adrianopolites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Adrianopolites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aleksandra Adrianopolites, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helena_I Chaldes
			spawn_character byzantium Helena_I Chaldes, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Helena_I Chaldes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena_I Chaldes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena_I Chaldes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena_I Chaldes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena_I Chaldes, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria_I Chrysovergos
			spawn_character byzantium Maria_I Chrysovergos, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Chrysovergos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Chrysovergos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Chrysovergos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Chrysovergos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria_I Chrysovergos, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sophia_I Protozeuges
			spawn_character byzantium Sophia_I Protozeuges, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Protozeuges" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Protozeuges" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Protozeuges" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Protozeuges" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sophia_I Protozeuges, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agnes Palmere
			spawn_character england Agnes Palmere, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Palmere" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Palmere" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Palmere" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Palmere" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnes Palmere, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anabelle Throckmoreton
			spawn_character england Anabelle Throckmoreton, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Anabelle Throckmoreton" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anabelle Throckmoreton" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anabelle Throckmoreton" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anabelle Throckmoreton" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anabelle Throckmoreton, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatrice Russell
			spawn_character england Beatrice Russell, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Beatrice Russell" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrice Russell" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrice Russell" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrice Russell" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatrice Russell, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Katherine Williams
			spawn_character england Katherine Williams, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Katherine Williams" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherine Williams" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherine Williams" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherine Williams" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Katherine Williams, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Adeline mac_Dungail
			spawn_character scotland Adeline mac_Dungail, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Dungail" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Dungail" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Dungail" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Dungail" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adeline mac_Dungail, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cairistine mac_Gille_Escoib
			spawn_character scotland Cairistine mac_Gille_Escoib, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Gille_Escoib" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Gille_Escoib" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Gille_Escoib" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Gille_Escoib" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cairistine mac_Gille_Escoib, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dearbhail mac_Lulaich
			spawn_character scotland Dearbhail mac_Lulaich, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Dearbhail mac_Lulaich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dearbhail mac_Lulaich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dearbhail mac_Lulaich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dearbhail mac_Lulaich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dearbhail mac_Lulaich, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eubha mac_Nechtain
			spawn_character scotland Eubha mac_Nechtain, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Nechtain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Nechtain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Nechtain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Nechtain" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eubha mac_Nechtain, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Clara Meyer
			spawn_character hre Clara Meyer, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Clara Meyer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Meyer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Meyer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Meyer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Clara Meyer, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kwnn Schulte
			spawn_character hre Kwnn Schulte, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Kwnn Schulte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kwnn Schulte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kwnn Schulte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kwnn Schulte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kwnn Schulte, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cristin Freitag
			spawn_character hre Cristin Freitag, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Cristin Freitag" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristin Freitag" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristin Freitag" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristin Freitag" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristin Freitag, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agatha von_Utrecht
			spawn_character hre Agatha von_Utrecht, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Agatha von_Utrecht" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agatha von_Utrecht" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agatha von_Utrecht" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agatha von_Utrecht" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agatha von_Utrecht, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Sophie d_Arc
			spawn_character france Sophie d_Arc, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Sophie d_Arc" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophie d_Arc" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophie d_Arc" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophie d_Arc" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sophie d_Arc, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marie Flote
			spawn_character france Marie Flote, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Marie Flote" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Flote" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Flote" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Flote" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marie Flote, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catherine Coeur
			spawn_character france Catherine Coeur, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Catherine Coeur" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine Coeur" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine Coeur" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine Coeur" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catherine Coeur, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anne Mathias
			spawn_character france Anne Mathias, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Anne Mathias" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Mathias" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Mathias" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Mathias" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anne Mathias, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Estrid af_Helgoland
			spawn_character denmark Estrid af_Helgoland, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Estrid af_Helgoland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrid af_Helgoland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrid af_Helgoland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrid af_Helgoland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Estrid af_Helgoland, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ovura Erlandsen
			spawn_character denmark Ovura Erlandsen, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Ovura Erlandsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ovura Erlandsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ovura Erlandsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ovura Erlandsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ovura Erlandsen, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dorte Konradsen
			spawn_character denmark Dorte Konradsen, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Dorte Konradsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte Konradsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte Konradsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte Konradsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dorte Konradsen, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Skuld af_Vestervig
			spawn_character denmark Skuld af_Vestervig, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Skuld af_Vestervig" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Skuld af_Vestervig" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Skuld af_Vestervig" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Skuld af_Vestervig" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Skuld af_Vestervig, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anna Krabbe
			spawn_character norway Anna Krabbe, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Anna Krabbe" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Krabbe" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Krabbe" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Krabbe" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Krabbe, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Inge av_Trondelag
			spawn_character norway Inge av_Trondelag, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Inge av_Trondelag" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Inge av_Trondelag" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Inge av_Trondelag" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Inge av_Trondelag" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Inge av_Trondelag, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Else av_Rygge
			spawn_character norway Else av_Rygge, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Else av_Rygge" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Else av_Rygge" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Else av_Rygge" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Else av_Rygge" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Else av_Rygge, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agnes Isaksen
			spawn_character norway Agnes Isaksen, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Isaksen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Isaksen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Isaksen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Isaksen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnes Isaksen, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Marina de_Robredo
			spawn_character spain Marina de_Robredo, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Marina de_Robredo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marina de_Robredo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marina de_Robredo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marina de_Robredo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marina de_Robredo, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ana Vega
			spawn_character spain Ana Vega, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Ana Vega" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Vega" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Vega" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Vega" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ana Vega, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francisca Trillo
			spawn_character spain Francisca Trillo, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Trillo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Trillo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Trillo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Trillo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francisca Trillo, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Veronica de_Granada
			spawn_character spain Veronica de_Granada, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Veronica de_Granada" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Veronica de_Granada" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Veronica de_Granada" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Veronica de_Granada" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Veronica de_Granada, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Uxenia de_Calonge
			spawn_character aragon Uxenia de_Calonge, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Uxenia de_Calonge" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Uxenia de_Calonge" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Uxenia de_Calonge" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Uxenia de_Calonge" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Uxenia de_Calonge, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joana Costa
			spawn_character aragon Joana Costa, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Joana Costa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana Costa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana Costa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana Costa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joana Costa, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francina Beltran
			spawn_character aragon Francina Beltran, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Francina Beltran" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Beltran" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Beltran" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Beltran" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francina Beltran, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Petronila Oros
			spawn_character aragon Petronila Oros, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Petronila Oros" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Petronila Oros" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Petronila Oros" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Petronila Oros" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Petronila Oros, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Costanca Carmo
			spawn_character portugal Costanca Carmo, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Carmo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Carmo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Carmo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Carmo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Costanca Carmo, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Raquel Barroso
			spawn_character portugal Raquel Barroso, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Barroso" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Barroso" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Barroso" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Barroso" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raquel Barroso, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ju#lia de_Meneses
			spawn_character portugal Ju#lia de_Meneses, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia de_Meneses" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia de_Meneses" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia de_Meneses" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia de_Meneses" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ju#lia de_Meneses, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elvira Fonseca
			spawn_character portugal Elvira Fonseca, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Fonseca" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Fonseca" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Fonseca" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Fonseca" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvira Fonseca, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Marzia da_Peraga
			spawn_character venice Marzia da_Peraga, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Marzia da_Peraga" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marzia da_Peraga" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marzia da_Peraga" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marzia da_Peraga" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marzia da_Peraga, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alegreza Venier
			spawn_character venice Alegreza Venier, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza Venier" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza Venier" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza Venier" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza Venier" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alegreza Venier, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Andrea da_Segna
			spawn_character venice Andrea da_Segna, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Andrea da_Segna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Andrea da_Segna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Andrea da_Segna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Andrea da_Segna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Andrea da_Segna, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nicola da_Durazzo
			spawn_character venice Nicola da_Durazzo, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Nicola da_Durazzo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola da_Durazzo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola da_Durazzo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola da_Durazzo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicola da_Durazzo, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mea da_Bagnone
			spawn_character milan Mea da_Bagnone, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Mea da_Bagnone" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mea da_Bagnone" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mea da_Bagnone" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mea da_Bagnone" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mea da_Bagnone, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teodora Oneto
			spawn_character milan Teodora Oneto, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Oneto" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Oneto" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Oneto" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Oneto" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teodora Oneto, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giordana Della_Torre
			spawn_character milan Giordana Della_Torre, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Giordana Della_Torre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giordana Della_Torre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giordana Della_Torre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giordana Della_Torre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giordana Della_Torre, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alessandra di_La_Spezia
			spawn_character milan Alessandra di_La_Spezia, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra di_La_Spezia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra di_La_Spezia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra di_La_Spezia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra di_La_Spezia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alessandra di_La_Spezia, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Valintina Trincanocte
			spawn_character sicily Valintina Trincanocte, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Valintina Trincanocte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Valintina Trincanocte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Valintina Trincanocte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Valintina Trincanocte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Valintina Trincanocte, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Manuela di_Mandra
			spawn_character sicily Manuela di_Mandra, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Manuela di_Mandra" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela di_Mandra" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela di_Mandra" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela di_Mandra" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Manuela di_Mandra, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elina di_Calabria
			spawn_character sicily Elina di_Calabria, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Elina di_Calabria" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elina di_Calabria" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elina di_Calabria" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elina di_Calabria" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elina di_Calabria, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rita Abbate
			spawn_character sicily Rita Abbate, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Rita Abbate" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita Abbate" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita Abbate" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita Abbate" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rita Abbate, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Luca Szak
			spawn_character hungary Luca Szak, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Luca Szak" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Szak" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Szak" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Szak" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luca Szak, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zsuzsanna Kont
			spawn_character hungary Zsuzsanna Kont, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Kont" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Kont" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Kont" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Kont" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zsuzsanna Kont, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna Vajda
			spawn_character hungary Anna Vajda, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Anna Vajda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Vajda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Vajda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Vajda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Vajda, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatrix Bathory
			spawn_character hungary Beatrix Bathory, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix Bathory" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix Bathory" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix Bathory" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix Bathory" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatrix Bathory, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Konstancja Dancewicz
			spawn_character poland Konstancja Dancewicz, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja Dancewicz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja Dancewicz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja Dancewicz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja Dancewicz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Konstancja Dancewicz, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Przeclawa z_Granowa
			spawn_character poland Przeclawa z_Granowa, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Przeclawa z_Granowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Przeclawa z_Granowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Przeclawa z_Granowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Przeclawa z_Granowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Przeclawa z_Granowa, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bogna z_Teczyna
			spawn_character poland Bogna z_Teczyna, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Bogna z_Teczyna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogna z_Teczyna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogna z_Teczyna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogna z_Teczyna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bogna z_Teczyna, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zbyslawa Gryfita
			spawn_character poland Zbyslawa Gryfita, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Gryfita" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Gryfita" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Gryfita" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Gryfita" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zbyslawa Gryfita, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gintare Lesniewski
			spawn_character lithuania Gintare Lesniewski, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Gintare Lesniewski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gintare Lesniewski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gintare Lesniewski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gintare Lesniewski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gintare Lesniewski, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Radochna Herman
			spawn_character lithuania Radochna Herman, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Radochna Herman" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Radochna Herman" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Radochna Herman" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Radochna Herman" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Radochna Herman, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Regelinda Dancewicz
			spawn_character lithuania Regelinda Dancewicz, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Dancewicz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Dancewicz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Dancewicz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Dancewicz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Regelinda Dancewicz, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Skaiste Badura
			spawn_character lithuania Skaiste Badura, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Skaiste Badura" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaiste Badura" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaiste Badura" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaiste Badura" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Skaiste Badura, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Evpraksia Ovin
			spawn_character kievan_rus Evpraksia Ovin, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Ovin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Ovin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Ovin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Ovin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evpraksia Ovin, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna Grebenka
			spawn_character kievan_rus Anna Grebenka, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Anna Grebenka" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Grebenka" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Grebenka" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Grebenka" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Grebenka, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Pelagia Oslyabya
			spawn_character kievan_rus Pelagia Oslyabya, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Pelagia Oslyabya" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pelagia Oslyabya" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pelagia Oslyabya" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pelagia Oslyabya" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pelagia Oslyabya, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lyubava Khorobrit
			spawn_character kievan_rus Lyubava Khorobrit, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Khorobrit" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Khorobrit" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Khorobrit" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Khorobrit" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lyubava Khorobrit, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elena Monastyrev
			spawn_character russia Elena Monastyrev, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Elena Monastyrev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Monastyrev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Monastyrev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Monastyrev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena Monastyrev, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eupraxia Obolenskii
			spawn_character russia Eupraxia Obolenskii, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Obolenskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Obolenskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Obolenskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Obolenskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eupraxia Obolenskii, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatiana Belevskii
			spawn_character russia Tatiana Belevskii, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Belevskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Belevskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Belevskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Belevskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatiana Belevskii, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feofania Pronskii
			spawn_character russia Feofania Pronskii, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Pronskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Pronskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Pronskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Pronskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feofania Pronskii, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Etiennette d_Agoult
			spawn_character jerusalem Etiennette d_Agoult, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Etiennette d_Agoult" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Etiennette d_Agoult" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Etiennette d_Agoult" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Etiennette d_Agoult" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Etiennette d_Agoult, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helvise de_Toscane
			spawn_character jerusalem Helvise de_Toscane, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Toscane" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Toscane" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Toscane" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Toscane" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helvise de_Toscane, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alienor d_Orange
			spawn_character jerusalem Alienor d_Orange, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Alienor d_Orange" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor d_Orange" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor d_Orange" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor d_Orange" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alienor d_Orange, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Constance de_Breteuil
			spawn_character jerusalem Constance de_Breteuil, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Breteuil" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Breteuil" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Breteuil" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Breteuil" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Constance de_Breteuil, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Constantinople = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nuca Tuxareli
			spawn_character georgia Nuca Tuxareli, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Nuca Tuxareli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nuca Tuxareli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nuca Tuxareli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nuca Tuxareli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nuca Tuxareli, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists RusudanI Sidonia
			spawn_character georgia RusudanI Sidonia, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Sidonia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Sidonia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Sidonia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Sidonia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move RusudanI Sidonia, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teona Kaxaberisdze
			spawn_character georgia Teona Kaxaberisdze, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Teona Kaxaberisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teona Kaxaberisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teona Kaxaberisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teona Kaxaberisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teona Kaxaberisdze, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamar Taoeli
			spawn_character georgia Tamar Taoeli, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Taoeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Taoeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Taoeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Taoeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamar Taoeli, 284,142
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter constantinople_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter constantinople_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Constantinople_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName London
	if I_SettlementOwner London = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eirene Romanikos
			spawn_character byzantium Eirene Romanikos, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Eirene Romanikos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eirene Romanikos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eirene Romanikos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eirene Romanikos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eirene Romanikos, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dimitra Narsites
			spawn_character byzantium Dimitra Narsites, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Narsites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Narsites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Narsites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Narsites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dimitra Narsites, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Konstantia Opsaras
			spawn_character byzantium Konstantia Opsaras, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Konstantia Opsaras" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantia Opsaras" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantia Opsaras" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantia Opsaras" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Konstantia Opsaras, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Martha Xiphilinos
			spawn_character byzantium Martha Xiphilinos, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Martha Xiphilinos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martha Xiphilinos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martha Xiphilinos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martha Xiphilinos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martha Xiphilinos, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Alice of_Kent
			spawn_character england Alice of_Kent, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Alice of_Kent" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice of_Kent" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice of_Kent" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice of_Kent" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alice of_Kent, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bridget of_Worcestre
			spawn_character england Bridget of_Worcestre, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Bridget of_Worcestre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bridget of_Worcestre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bridget of_Worcestre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bridget of_Worcestre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bridget of_Worcestre, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Emma of_Southampton
			spawn_character england Emma of_Southampton, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Emma of_Southampton" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma of_Southampton" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma of_Southampton" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma of_Southampton" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Emma of_Southampton, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Linota of_Normandy
			spawn_character england Linota of_Normandy, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Linota of_Normandy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Linota of_Normandy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Linota of_Normandy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Linota of_Normandy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Linota of_Normandy, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Seonaid mac_Gille_Petair
			spawn_character scotland Seonaid mac_Gille_Petair, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Seonaid mac_Gille_Petair" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Seonaid mac_Gille_Petair" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Seonaid mac_Gille_Petair" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Seonaid mac_Gille_Petair" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Seonaid mac_Gille_Petair, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Senga mac_Gille_Coemgain
			spawn_character scotland Senga mac_Gille_Coemgain, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Senga mac_Gille_Coemgain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Senga mac_Gille_Coemgain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Senga mac_Gille_Coemgain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Senga mac_Gille_Coemgain" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Senga mac_Gille_Coemgain, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Murron mac_Mail_Brigte
			spawn_character scotland Murron mac_Mail_Brigte, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Murron mac_Mail_Brigte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Murron mac_Mail_Brigte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Murron mac_Mail_Brigte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Murron mac_Mail_Brigte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Murron mac_Mail_Brigte, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Raghnaid mac_Cuilein
			spawn_character scotland Raghnaid mac_Cuilein, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Cuilein" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Cuilein" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Cuilein" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Cuilein" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raghnaid mac_Cuilein, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mechthilt Regnart
			spawn_character hre Mechthilt Regnart, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Mechthilt Regnart" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mechthilt Regnart" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mechthilt Regnart" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mechthilt Regnart" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mechthilt Regnart, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alheit Kuchmeister
			spawn_character hre Alheit Kuchmeister, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Kuchmeister" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Kuchmeister" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Kuchmeister" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Kuchmeister" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alheit Kuchmeister, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Walburg Mann
			spawn_character hre Walburg Mann, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Walburg Mann" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Walburg Mann" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Walburg Mann" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Walburg Mann" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Walburg Mann, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dorothea von_Holland
			spawn_character hre Dorothea von_Holland, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Dorothea von_Holland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothea von_Holland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothea von_Holland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothea von_Holland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dorothea von_Holland, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mathilde de_Bretagne
			spawn_character france Mathilde de_Bretagne, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Bretagne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Bretagne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Bretagne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Bretagne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mathilde de_Bretagne, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Melisende de_Bourges
			spawn_character france Melisende de_Bourges, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Bourges" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Bourges" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Bourges" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Bourges" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Melisende de_Bourges, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sibylle de_Bouillon
			spawn_character france Sibylle de_Bouillon, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Bouillon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Bouillon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Bouillon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Bouillon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sibylle de_Bouillon, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Stephanie de_Blois
			spawn_character france Stephanie de_Blois, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Stephanie de_Blois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Stephanie de_Blois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Stephanie de_Blois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Stephanie de_Blois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Stephanie de_Blois, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Hedvig af_Skara
			spawn_character denmark Hedvig af_Skara, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig af_Skara" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig af_Skara" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig af_Skara" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig af_Skara" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hedvig af_Skara, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ragnhild Edmundsen
			spawn_character denmark Ragnhild Edmundsen, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Ragnhild Edmundsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ragnhild Edmundsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ragnhild Edmundsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ragnhild Edmundsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ragnhild Edmundsen, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Berengaria Sunesen
			spawn_character denmark Berengaria Sunesen, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Berengaria Sunesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Berengaria Sunesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Berengaria Sunesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Berengaria Sunesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Berengaria Sunesen, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria af_Lappland
			spawn_character denmark Maria af_Lappland, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Maria af_Lappland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria af_Lappland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria af_Lappland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria af_Lappland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria af_Lappland, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Aurora av_Eidsberg
			spawn_character norway Aurora av_Eidsberg, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Aurora av_Eidsberg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aurora av_Eidsberg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aurora av_Eidsberg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aurora av_Eidsberg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aurora av_Eidsberg, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hege av_Hammerfest
			spawn_character norway Hege av_Hammerfest, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Hege av_Hammerfest" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hege av_Hammerfest" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hege av_Hammerfest" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hege av_Hammerfest" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hege av_Hammerfest, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Thyra Fossergard
			spawn_character norway Thyra Fossergard, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Fossergard" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Fossergard" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Fossergard" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Fossergard" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Thyra Fossergard, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rannveig av_Hoff
			spawn_character norway Rannveig av_Hoff, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Rannveig av_Hoff" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rannveig av_Hoff" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rannveig av_Hoff" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rannveig av_Hoff" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rannveig av_Hoff, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Teresa Berciano
			spawn_character spain Teresa Berciano, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Teresa Berciano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa Berciano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa Berciano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa Berciano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teresa Berciano, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sancha Medina
			spawn_character spain Sancha Medina, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Medina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Medina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Medina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Medina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sancha Medina, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Magdalena Barrientos
			spawn_character spain Magdalena Barrientos, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Barrientos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Barrientos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Barrientos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Barrientos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magdalena Barrientos, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bartolomeba del_Tiemblo
			spawn_character spain Bartolomeba del_Tiemblo, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Bartolomeba del_Tiemblo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartolomeba del_Tiemblo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartolomeba del_Tiemblo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartolomeba del_Tiemblo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bartolomeba del_Tiemblo, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Damiata Mateu
			spawn_character aragon Damiata Mateu, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Mateu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Mateu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Mateu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Mateu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Damiata Mateu, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabel Lainez
			spawn_character aragon Isabel Lainez, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Lainez" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Lainez" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Lainez" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Lainez" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabel Lainez, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ximena de_Bolea
			spawn_character aragon Ximena de_Bolea, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Ximena de_Bolea" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ximena de_Bolea" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ximena de_Bolea" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ximena de_Bolea" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ximena de_Bolea, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Esperanca Baro
			spawn_character aragon Esperanca Baro, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Esperanca Baro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Esperanca Baro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Esperanca Baro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Esperanca Baro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Esperanca Baro, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Brigi#da de_Castro
			spawn_character portugal Brigi#da de_Castro, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Brigi#da de_Castro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigi#da de_Castro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigi#da de_Castro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigi#da de_Castro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brigi#da de_Castro, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Violante Vicente
			spawn_character portugal Violante Vicente, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Violante Vicente" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Vicente" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Vicente" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Vicente" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Violante Vicente, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Celeste Teixeira
			spawn_character portugal Celeste Teixeira, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Celeste Teixeira" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste Teixeira" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste Teixeira" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste Teixeira" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Celeste Teixeira, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cristina Nunes
			spawn_character portugal Cristina Nunes, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Nunes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Nunes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Nunes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Nunes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristina Nunes, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agneta Foscarini
			spawn_character venice Agneta Foscarini, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Foscarini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Foscarini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Foscarini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Foscarini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agneta Foscarini, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nicole da_Castelfranco
			spawn_character venice Nicole da_Castelfranco, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Nicole da_Castelfranco" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole da_Castelfranco" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole da_Castelfranco" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole da_Castelfranco" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicole da_Castelfranco, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cecilia Lando
			spawn_character venice Cecilia Lando, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Lando" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Lando" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Lando" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Lando" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecilia Lando, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Coletta Loredan
			spawn_character venice Coletta Loredan, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Coletta Loredan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Coletta Loredan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Coletta Loredan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Coletta Loredan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Coletta Loredan, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Letta di_Rapallo
			spawn_character milan Letta di_Rapallo, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Letta di_Rapallo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta di_Rapallo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta di_Rapallo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta di_Rapallo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Letta di_Rapallo, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Paola de_Medici
			spawn_character milan Paola de_Medici, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Paola de_Medici" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Paola de_Medici" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Paola de_Medici" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Paola de_Medici" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Paola de_Medici, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Roberta di_Torriglia
			spawn_character milan Roberta di_Torriglia, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Roberta di_Torriglia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Roberta di_Torriglia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Roberta di_Torriglia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Roberta di_Torriglia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Roberta di_Torriglia, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ginevra Maffei
			spawn_character milan Ginevra Maffei, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Ginevra Maffei" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ginevra Maffei" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ginevra Maffei" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ginevra Maffei" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ginevra Maffei, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ursula di_Apulia
			spawn_character sicily Ursula di_Apulia, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Ursula di_Apulia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula di_Apulia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula di_Apulia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula di_Apulia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ursula di_Apulia, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eulalia di_Aci
			spawn_character sicily Eulalia di_Aci, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Aci" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Aci" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Aci" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Aci" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eulalia di_Aci, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Pulchera di_Corleone
			spawn_character sicily Pulchera di_Corleone, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Corleone" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Corleone" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Corleone" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Corleone" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pulchera di_Corleone, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margarita di_Gravina
			spawn_character sicily Margarita di_Gravina, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Margarita di_Gravina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarita di_Gravina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarita di_Gravina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarita di_Gravina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margarita di_Gravina, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Sarolta Szebeni
			spawn_character hungary Sarolta Szebeni, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Szebeni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Szebeni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Szebeni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Szebeni" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sarolta Szebeni, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Szabina Feketehalmi
			spawn_character hungary Szabina Feketehalmi, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Feketehalmi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Feketehalmi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Feketehalmi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Feketehalmi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Szabina Feketehalmi, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bea#ta Kan
			spawn_character hungary Bea#ta Kan, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Kan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Kan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Kan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Kan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bea#ta Kan, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ancilla Geregye
			spawn_character hungary Ancilla Geregye, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Geregye" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Geregye" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Geregye" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Geregye" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ancilla Geregye, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Regelinda Orzechowski
			spawn_character poland Regelinda Orzechowski, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Orzechowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Orzechowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Orzechowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Orzechowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Regelinda Orzechowski, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brodzislawa z_Brudzewa
			spawn_character poland Brodzislawa z_Brudzewa, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa z_Brudzewa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa z_Brudzewa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa z_Brudzewa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa z_Brudzewa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brodzislawa z_Brudzewa, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Grzymislawa Dabrowski
			spawn_character poland Grzymislawa Dabrowski, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa Dabrowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa Dabrowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa Dabrowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa Dabrowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Grzymislawa Dabrowski, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wienczyslawa z_Ciechanowa
			spawn_character poland Wienczyslawa z_Ciechanowa, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Wienczyslawa z_Ciechanowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wienczyslawa z_Ciechanowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wienczyslawa z_Ciechanowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wienczyslawa z_Ciechanowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wienczyslawa z_Ciechanowa, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Konstancja z_Melsztyna
			spawn_character lithuania Konstancja z_Melsztyna, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja z_Melsztyna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja z_Melsztyna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja z_Melsztyna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja z_Melsztyna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Konstancja z_Melsztyna, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wieslawa Kuczek
			spawn_character lithuania Wieslawa Kuczek, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Wieslawa Kuczek" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wieslawa Kuczek" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wieslawa Kuczek" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wieslawa Kuczek" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wieslawa Kuczek, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zemyna Debinski
			spawn_character lithuania Zemyna Debinski, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Zemyna Debinski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zemyna Debinski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zemyna Debinski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zemyna Debinski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zemyna Debinski, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Egle Boruta
			spawn_character lithuania Egle Boruta, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Egle Boruta" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Egle Boruta" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Egle Boruta" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Egle Boruta" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Egle Boruta, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Olga Moskovskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Olga Moskovskii, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Olga Moskovskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Moskovskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Moskovskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Moskovskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olga Moskovskii, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Matrona Kobylin
			spawn_character kievan_rus Matrona Kobylin, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Matrona Kobylin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Matrona Kobylin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Matrona Kobylin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Matrona Kobylin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Matrona Kobylin, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kristina Tverskoi
			spawn_character kievan_rus Kristina Tverskoi, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Tverskoi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Tverskoi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Tverskoi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Tverskoi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kristina Tverskoi, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nadezhda Zernov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Nadezhda Zernov, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Zernov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Zernov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Zernov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Zernov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nadezhda Zernov, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Natalia Sudok
			spawn_character russia Natalia Sudok, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Sudok" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Sudok" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Sudok" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Sudok" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Sudok, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Evfrosinia Morozov
			spawn_character russia Evfrosinia Morozov, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Morozov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Morozov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Morozov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Morozov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evfrosinia Morozov, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Radogneva Dyudenev
			spawn_character russia Radogneva Dyudenev, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Dyudenev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Dyudenev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Dyudenev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Dyudenev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Radogneva Dyudenev, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vysheslava Volk
			spawn_character russia Vysheslava Volk, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Volk" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Volk" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Volk" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Volk" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vysheslava Volk, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Alberada de_Sevrey
			spawn_character jerusalem Alberada de_Sevrey, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Alberada de_Sevrey" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada de_Sevrey" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada de_Sevrey" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada de_Sevrey" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alberada de_Sevrey, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ade#laide d_Asp
			spawn_character jerusalem Ade#laide d_Asp, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide d_Asp" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide d_Asp" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide d_Asp" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide d_Asp" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ade#laide d_Asp, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Plaisance d_Asp
			spawn_character jerusalem Plaisance d_Asp, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance d_Asp" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance d_Asp" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance d_Asp" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance d_Asp" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Plaisance d_Asp, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elvire de_Campdavaine
			spawn_character jerusalem Elvire de_Campdavaine, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Campdavaine" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Campdavaine" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Campdavaine" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Campdavaine" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvire de_Campdavaine, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner London = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter london_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nestan Gurkleli
			spawn_character georgia Nestan Gurkleli, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Nestan Gurkleli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nestan Gurkleli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nestan Gurkleli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nestan Gurkleli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nestan Gurkleli, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Salome Mxargrdzeli
			spawn_character georgia Salome Mxargrdzeli, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Salome Mxargrdzeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Mxargrdzeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Mxargrdzeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Mxargrdzeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Salome Mxargrdzeli, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eter Tbeli
			spawn_character georgia Eter Tbeli, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Eter Tbeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Tbeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Tbeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Tbeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eter Tbeli, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamta Nasidze
			spawn_character georgia Tamta Nasidze, princess, age 19, x 77, y 217
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Nasidze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Nasidze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Nasidze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Nasidze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamta Nasidze, 77,216
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter london_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter london_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool London_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Frankfurt
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eudokia Nymphaites
			spawn_character byzantium Eudokia Nymphaites, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Eudokia Nymphaites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudokia Nymphaites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudokia Nymphaites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudokia Nymphaites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eudokia Nymphaites, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ioanna Milises
			spawn_character byzantium Ioanna Milises, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Milises" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Milises" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Milises" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Milises" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ioanna Milises, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosanna Lapardas
			spawn_character byzantium Rosanna Lapardas, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Lapardas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Lapardas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Lapardas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Lapardas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosanna Lapardas, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hypomone Melissenos
			spawn_character byzantium Hypomone Melissenos, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Hypomone Melissenos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypomone Melissenos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypomone Melissenos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypomone Melissenos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hypomone Melissenos, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dorothy de_Botreaux
			spawn_character england Dorothy de_Botreaux, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Dorothy de_Botreaux" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothy de_Botreaux" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothy de_Botreaux" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothy de_Botreaux" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dorothy de_Botreaux, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Guillemette de_Viennois
			spawn_character england Guillemette de_Viennois, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette de_Viennois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette de_Viennois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette de_Viennois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette de_Viennois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guillemette de_Viennois, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Constance de_Beaumont
			spawn_character england Constance de_Beaumont, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Beaumont" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Beaumont" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Beaumont" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Beaumont" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Constance de_Beaumont, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sabina of_Bayeux
			spawn_character england Sabina of_Bayeux, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Sabina of_Bayeux" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sabina of_Bayeux" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sabina of_Bayeux" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sabina of_Bayeux" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sabina of_Bayeux, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Siobhan of_Atholl
			spawn_character scotland Siobhan of_Atholl, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan of_Atholl" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan of_Atholl" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan of_Atholl" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan of_Atholl" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Siobhan of_Atholl, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eua mac_Leod
			spawn_character scotland Eua mac_Leod, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Eua mac_Leod" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eua mac_Leod" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eua mac_Leod" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eua mac_Leod" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eua mac_Leod, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Una mac_Mail_Muire
			spawn_character scotland Una mac_Mail_Muire, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Una mac_Mail_Muire" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Una mac_Mail_Muire" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Una mac_Mail_Muire" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Una mac_Mail_Muire" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Una mac_Mail_Muire, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maud mac_Eogain
			spawn_character scotland Maud mac_Eogain, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Eogain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Eogain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Eogain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Eogain" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maud mac_Eogain, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Metze Eck
			spawn_character hre Metze Eck, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Metze Eck" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Metze Eck" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Metze Eck" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Metze Eck" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Metze Eck, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alhayt Pleydenwurff
			spawn_character hre Alhayt Pleydenwurff, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Alhayt Pleydenwurff" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alhayt Pleydenwurff" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alhayt Pleydenwurff" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alhayt Pleydenwurff" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alhayt Pleydenwurff, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kristen Wickram
			spawn_character hre Kristen Wickram, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Kristen Wickram" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristen Wickram" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristen Wickram" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristen Wickram" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kristen Wickram, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gret Talhofer
			spawn_character hre Gret Talhofer, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Gret Talhofer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gret Talhofer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gret Talhofer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gret Talhofer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gret Talhofer, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Louise le_Germanique
			spawn_character france Louise le_Germanique, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Louise le_Germanique" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Louise le_Germanique" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Louise le_Germanique" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Louise le_Germanique" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Louise le_Germanique, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giselle de_Loiry
			spawn_character france Giselle de_Loiry, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_Loiry" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_Loiry" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_Loiry" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_Loiry" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giselle de_Loiry, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francoise de_Saint_Germein
			spawn_character france Francoise de_Saint_Germein, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Francoise de_Saint_Germein" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francoise de_Saint_Germein" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francoise de_Saint_Germein" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francoise de_Saint_Germein" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francoise de_Saint_Germein, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Edette de_Lyon
			spawn_character france Edette de_Lyon, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Edette de_Lyon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette de_Lyon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette de_Lyon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette de_Lyon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Edette de_Lyon, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Emma af_Rogaland
			spawn_character denmark Emma af_Rogaland, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Emma af_Rogaland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma af_Rogaland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma af_Rogaland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma af_Rogaland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Emma af_Rogaland, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Skuld af_Skibby
			spawn_character denmark Skuld af_Skibby, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Skuld af_Skibby" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Skuld af_Skibby" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Skuld af_Skibby" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Skuld af_Skibby" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Skuld af_Skibby, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ulrika af_Malling
			spawn_character denmark Ulrika af_Malling, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Ulrika af_Malling" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulrika af_Malling" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulrika af_Malling" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulrika af_Malling" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ulrika af_Malling, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Solvej af_Klejtrup
			spawn_character denmark Solvej af_Klejtrup, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Solvej af_Klejtrup" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Solvej af_Klejtrup" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Solvej af_Klejtrup" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Solvej af_Klejtrup" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Solvej af_Klejtrup, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Linda Sigmundsen
			spawn_character norway Linda Sigmundsen, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Linda Sigmundsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Linda Sigmundsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Linda Sigmundsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Linda Sigmundsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Linda Sigmundsen, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Olga Teiste
			spawn_character norway Olga Teiste, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Olga Teiste" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Teiste" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Teiste" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Teiste" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olga Teiste, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Stine Olsen
			spawn_character norway Stine Olsen, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Stine Olsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Stine Olsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Stine Olsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Stine Olsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Stine Olsen, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Terese av_Skien
			spawn_character norway Terese av_Skien, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Terese av_Skien" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese av_Skien" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese av_Skien" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese av_Skien" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Terese av_Skien, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Castellana de_la_Reina
			spawn_character spain Castellana de_la_Reina, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Castellana de_la_Reina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Castellana de_la_Reina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Castellana de_la_Reina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Castellana de_la_Reina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Castellana de_la_Reina, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucia de_Borgona
			spawn_character spain Lucia de_Borgona, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Lucia de_Borgona" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia de_Borgona" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia de_Borgona" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia de_Borgona" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucia de_Borgona, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jimena Aragones
			spawn_character spain Jimena Aragones, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Jimena Aragones" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena Aragones" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena Aragones" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena Aragones" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jimena Aragones, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sagrario de_Robles
			spawn_character spain Sagrario de_Robles, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Sagrario de_Robles" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sagrario de_Robles" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sagrario de_Robles" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sagrario de_Robles" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sagrario de_Robles, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Guiomar Galindez
			spawn_character aragon Guiomar Galindez, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar Galindez" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar Galindez" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar Galindez" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar Galindez" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guiomar Galindez, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Orosia Queralt
			spawn_character aragon Orosia Queralt, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Queralt" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Queralt" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Queralt" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Queralt" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orosia Queralt, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beyatriz Roche
			spawn_character aragon Beyatriz Roche, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Beyatriz Roche" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beyatriz Roche" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beyatriz Roche" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beyatriz Roche" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beyatriz Roche, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Merina Dolsa
			spawn_character aragon Merina Dolsa, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Merina Dolsa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Merina Dolsa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Merina Dolsa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Merina Dolsa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Merina Dolsa, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ine#s de_Almeida
			spawn_character portugal Ine#s de_Almeida, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Ine#s de_Almeida" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ine#s de_Almeida" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ine#s de_Almeida" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ine#s de_Almeida" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ine#s de_Almeida, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Guiomar Mendes
			spawn_character portugal Guiomar Mendes, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar Mendes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar Mendes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar Mendes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar Mendes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guiomar Mendes, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brigi#da Garcia
			spawn_character portugal Brigi#da Garcia, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Brigi#da Garcia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigi#da Garcia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigi#da Garcia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigi#da Garcia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brigi#da Garcia, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Imaculada Nogueira
			spawn_character portugal Imaculada Nogueira, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Nogueira" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Nogueira" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Nogueira" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Nogueira" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Imaculada Nogueira, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Pasqualina da_Ponte
			spawn_character venice Pasqualina da_Ponte, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Pasqualina da_Ponte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqualina da_Ponte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqualina da_Ponte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqualina da_Ponte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pasqualina da_Ponte, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Costanza Michiel
			spawn_character venice Costanza Michiel, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Costanza Michiel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanza Michiel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanza Michiel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanza Michiel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Costanza Michiel, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agneta Sagredo
			spawn_character venice Agneta Sagredo, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Sagredo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Sagredo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Sagredo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Sagredo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agneta Sagredo, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helena Priuli
			spawn_character venice Helena Priuli, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Helena Priuli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Priuli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Priuli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Priuli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena Priuli, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Bona Tasso
			spawn_character milan Bona Tasso, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Bona Tasso" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona Tasso" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona Tasso" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona Tasso" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bona Tasso, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ilaria da_Bologna
			spawn_character milan Ilaria da_Bologna, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Ilaria da_Bologna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilaria da_Bologna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilaria da_Bologna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilaria da_Bologna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ilaria da_Bologna, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bella Spinola
			spawn_character milan Bella Spinola, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Bella Spinola" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bella Spinola" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bella Spinola" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bella Spinola" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bella Spinola, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena di_Carignano
			spawn_character milan Elena di_Carignano, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Elena di_Carignano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena di_Carignano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena di_Carignano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena di_Carignano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena di_Carignano, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Virginia di_Galluccio
			spawn_character sicily Virginia di_Galluccio, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Virginia di_Galluccio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia di_Galluccio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia di_Galluccio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia di_Galluccio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Virginia di_Galluccio, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucia Ferro
			spawn_character sicily Lucia Ferro, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Ferro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Ferro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Ferro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Ferro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucia Ferro, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rita di_Iato
			spawn_character sicily Rita di_Iato, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Rita di_Iato" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita di_Iato" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita di_Iato" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita di_Iato" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rita di_Iato, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Pulchera di_Monreale
			spawn_character sicily Pulchera di_Monreale, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Monreale" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Monreale" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Monreale" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Monreale" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pulchera di_Monreale, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ildiko Trogiri
			spawn_character hungary Ildiko Trogiri, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Ildiko Trogiri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ildiko Trogiri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ildiko Trogiri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ildiko Trogiri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ildiko Trogiri, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Szines Racz
			spawn_character hungary Szines Racz, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Szines Racz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Racz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Racz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Racz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Szines Racz, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lea Fodor
			spawn_character hungary Lea Fodor, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Lea Fodor" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Fodor" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Fodor" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Fodor" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lea Fodor, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aga#ta Petenye
			spawn_character hungary Aga#ta Petenye, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Aga#ta Petenye" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aga#ta Petenye" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aga#ta Petenye" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aga#ta Petenye" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aga#ta Petenye, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Roza Oporowski
			spawn_character poland Roza Oporowski, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Roza Oporowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Roza Oporowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Roza Oporowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Roza Oporowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Roza Oporowski, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lubomira z_Rabsztyna
			spawn_character poland Lubomira z_Rabsztyna, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Rabsztyna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Rabsztyna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Rabsztyna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Rabsztyna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lubomira z_Rabsztyna, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agnieszka z_Ojcowa
			spawn_character poland Agnieszka z_Ojcowa, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka z_Ojcowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka z_Ojcowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka z_Ojcowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka z_Ojcowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnieszka z_Ojcowa, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ryksa Radziwill
			spawn_character poland Ryksa Radziwill, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Radziwill" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Radziwill" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Radziwill" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Radziwill" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ryksa Radziwill, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Krzeslawa Raptusiewicz
			spawn_character lithuania Krzeslawa Raptusiewicz, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa Raptusiewicz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa Raptusiewicz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa Raptusiewicz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa Raptusiewicz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Krzeslawa Raptusiewicz, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Grzymislawa z_Korzkiewa
			spawn_character lithuania Grzymislawa z_Korzkiewa, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa z_Korzkiewa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa z_Korzkiewa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa z_Korzkiewa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa z_Korzkiewa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Grzymislawa z_Korzkiewa, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vilija z_Michalowa
			spawn_character lithuania Vilija z_Michalowa, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Vilija z_Michalowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilija z_Michalowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilija z_Michalowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilija z_Michalowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vilija z_Michalowa, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ryksa Bninski
			spawn_character lithuania Ryksa Bninski, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Bninski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Bninski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Bninski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Bninski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ryksa Bninski, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Evfrosinia Odnook
			spawn_character kievan_rus Evfrosinia Odnook, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Odnook" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Odnook" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Odnook" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Odnook" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evfrosinia Odnook, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatiana Istoma
			spawn_character kievan_rus Tatiana Istoma, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Istoma" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Istoma" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Istoma" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Istoma" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatiana Istoma, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kupava Glukhovskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Kupava Glukhovskii, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Glukhovskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Glukhovskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Glukhovskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Glukhovskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kupava Glukhovskii, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agrafena Velyaminov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Agrafena Velyaminov, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Velyaminov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Velyaminov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Velyaminov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Velyaminov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agrafena Velyaminov, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lyudmila Vyazemskii
			spawn_character russia Lyudmila Vyazemskii, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Vyazemskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Vyazemskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Vyazemskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Vyazemskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lyudmila Vyazemskii, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna Belevskii
			spawn_character russia Anna Belevskii, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Anna Belevskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Belevskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Belevskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Belevskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Belevskii, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feodora Novotorskii
			spawn_character russia Feodora Novotorskii, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Novotorskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Novotorskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Novotorskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Novotorskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feodora Novotorskii, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Glikeria Dyudenev
			spawn_character russia Glikeria Dyudenev, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Dyudenev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Dyudenev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Dyudenev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Dyudenev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Glikeria Dyudenev, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Isabelle Talvas
			spawn_character jerusalem Isabelle Talvas, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle Talvas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle Talvas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle Talvas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle Talvas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabelle Talvas, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Be#atrice Lebrun
			spawn_character jerusalem Be#atrice Lebrun, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice Lebrun" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice Lebrun" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice Lebrun" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice Lebrun" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Be#atrice Lebrun, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alberada de_Lusignan
			spawn_character jerusalem Alberada de_Lusignan, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Alberada de_Lusignan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada de_Lusignan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada de_Lusignan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada de_Lusignan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alberada de_Lusignan, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Judith Herail
			spawn_character jerusalem Judith Herail, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Judith Herail" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Herail" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Herail" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Herail" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judith Herail, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Frankfurt = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Pati Corcaneli
			spawn_character georgia Pati Corcaneli, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Pati Corcaneli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pati Corcaneli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pati Corcaneli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pati Corcaneli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pati Corcaneli, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Darejan Telaveli
			spawn_character georgia Darejan Telaveli, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Telaveli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Telaveli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Telaveli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Telaveli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Darejan Telaveli, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamar Axalcixeli
			spawn_character georgia Tamar Axalcixeli, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Axalcixeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Axalcixeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Axalcixeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Axalcixeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamar Axalcixeli, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Borena Bakurianisdze
			spawn_character georgia Borena Bakurianisdze, princess, age 19, x 140, y 206
			console_command give_trait "Borena Bakurianisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Bakurianisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Bakurianisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Bakurianisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Borena Bakurianisdze, 139,206
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter frankfurt_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter frankfurt_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Frankfurt_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Paris
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Olympia Scholaratos
			spawn_character byzantium Olympia Scholaratos, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Scholaratos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Scholaratos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Scholaratos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Scholaratos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olympia Scholaratos, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Leontia Hikanatos
			spawn_character byzantium Leontia Hikanatos, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Leontia Hikanatos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Leontia Hikanatos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Leontia Hikanatos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Leontia Hikanatos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Leontia Hikanatos, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ioulia Traphines
			spawn_character byzantium Ioulia Traphines, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Traphines" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Traphines" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Traphines" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Traphines" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ioulia Traphines, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gregoria Skylitzes
			spawn_character byzantium Gregoria Skylitzes, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria Skylitzes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria Skylitzes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria Skylitzes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria Skylitzes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gregoria Skylitzes, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Joanna d_Anjou
			spawn_character england Joanna d_Anjou, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Joanna d_Anjou" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna d_Anjou" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna d_Anjou" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna d_Anjou" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joanna d_Anjou, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alienore de_Blois
			spawn_character england Alienore de_Blois, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Alienore de_Blois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore de_Blois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore de_Blois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore de_Blois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alienore de_Blois, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marion de_Hastinges
			spawn_character england Marion de_Hastinges, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Marion de_Hastinges" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion de_Hastinges" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion de_Hastinges" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion de_Hastinges" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marion de_Hastinges, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mabel de_Lisle
			spawn_character england Mabel de_Lisle, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Mabel de_Lisle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel de_Lisle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel de_Lisle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel de_Lisle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mabel de_Lisle, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Annag mac_Duibne
			spawn_character scotland Annag mac_Duibne, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Annag mac_Duibne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Annag mac_Duibne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Annag mac_Duibne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Annag mac_Duibne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Annag mac_Duibne, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Caitriona mac_Matadin
			spawn_character scotland Caitriona mac_Matadin, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Matadin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Matadin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Matadin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Matadin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Caitriona mac_Matadin, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cairistine mac_Somairle
			spawn_character scotland Cairistine mac_Somairle, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Somairle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Somairle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Somairle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Somairle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cairistine mac_Somairle, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joan mac_Matni
			spawn_character scotland Joan mac_Matni, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Matni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Matni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Matni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Matni" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joan mac_Matni, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Margrett Otterbach
			spawn_character hre Margrett Otterbach, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Margrett Otterbach" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margrett Otterbach" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margrett Otterbach" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margrett Otterbach" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margrett Otterbach, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Annlin von_Supplinburg
			spawn_character hre Annlin von_Supplinburg, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Annlin von_Supplinburg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Annlin von_Supplinburg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Annlin von_Supplinburg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Annlin von_Supplinburg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Annlin von_Supplinburg, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Katherina Wagner
			spawn_character hre Katherina Wagner, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Katherina Wagner" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherina Wagner" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherina Wagner" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherina Wagner" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Katherina Wagner, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brigitta Schwarz
			spawn_character hre Brigitta Schwarz, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schwarz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schwarz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schwarz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schwarz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brigitta Schwarz, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists E#meline de_la_Porte
			spawn_character france E#meline de_la_Porte, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "E#meline de_la_Porte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "E#meline de_la_Porte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "E#meline de_la_Porte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "E#meline de_la_Porte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move E#meline de_la_Porte, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Genevieve de_Poitou
			spawn_character france Genevieve de_Poitou, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Poitou" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Poitou" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Poitou" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Poitou" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Genevieve de_Poitou, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabeau de_Valois
			spawn_character france Isabeau de_Valois, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau de_Valois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau de_Valois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau de_Valois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau de_Valois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabeau de_Valois, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Madeleine d_Orleans
			spawn_character france Madeleine d_Orleans, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine d_Orleans" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine d_Orleans" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine d_Orleans" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine d_Orleans" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Madeleine d_Orleans, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Magda af_Hedmark
			spawn_character denmark Magda af_Hedmark, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Magda af_Hedmark" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda af_Hedmark" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda af_Hedmark" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda af_Hedmark" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magda af_Hedmark, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hildegard af_Tonder
			spawn_character denmark Hildegard af_Tonder, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Hildegard af_Tonder" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hildegard af_Tonder" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hildegard af_Tonder" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hildegard af_Tonder" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hildegard af_Tonder, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Frida af_Horne
			spawn_character denmark Frida af_Horne, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Frida af_Horne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Frida af_Horne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Frida af_Horne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Frida af_Horne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Frida af_Horne, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hedvig Sigfredsen
			spawn_character denmark Hedvig Sigfredsen, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig Sigfredsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig Sigfredsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig Sigfredsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig Sigfredsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hedvig Sigfredsen, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Oda av_Jamtland
			spawn_character norway Oda av_Jamtland, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Oda av_Jamtland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Oda av_Jamtland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Oda av_Jamtland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Oda av_Jamtland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Oda av_Jamtland, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Grete Sorensen
			spawn_character norway Grete Sorensen, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Grete Sorensen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grete Sorensen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grete Sorensen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grete Sorensen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Grete Sorensen, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Amalie Antonsen
			spawn_character norway Amalie Antonsen, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Amalie Antonsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalie Antonsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalie Antonsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalie Antonsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Amalie Antonsen, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ingvild Gudmundsen
			spawn_character norway Ingvild Gudmundsen, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Ingvild Gudmundsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingvild Gudmundsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingvild Gudmundsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingvild Gudmundsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ingvild Gudmundsen, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Constanza de_Monroy
			spawn_character spain Constanza de_Monroy, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Constanza de_Monroy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Constanza de_Monroy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Constanza de_Monroy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Constanza de_Monroy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Constanza de_Monroy, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teresa de_Benavides
			spawn_character spain Teresa de_Benavides, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Benavides" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Benavides" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Benavides" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Benavides" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teresa de_Benavides, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Manuela Encina
			spawn_character spain Manuela Encina, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Manuela Encina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela Encina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela Encina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela Encina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Manuela Encina, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ines de_Almazan
			spawn_character spain Ines de_Almazan, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Almazan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Almazan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Almazan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Almazan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ines de_Almazan, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eufrasia Valls
			spawn_character aragon Eufrasia Valls, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Eufrasia Valls" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrasia Valls" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrasia Valls" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrasia Valls" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eufrasia Valls, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bartomeua de_Creixell
			spawn_character aragon Bartomeua de_Creixell, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Bartomeua de_Creixell" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartomeua de_Creixell" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartomeua de_Creixell" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartomeua de_Creixell" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bartomeua de_Creixell, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Damiata Valero
			spawn_character aragon Damiata Valero, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Valero" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Valero" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Valero" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Valero" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Damiata Valero, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ermessenda Millan
			spawn_character aragon Ermessenda Millan, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda Millan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda Millan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda Millan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda Millan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ermessenda Millan, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Isabel Silveira
			spawn_character portugal Isabel Silveira, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Silveira" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Silveira" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Silveira" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Silveira" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabel Silveira, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vera Mateus
			spawn_character portugal Vera Mateus, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Vera Mateus" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera Mateus" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera Mateus" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera Mateus" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vera Mateus, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catarina Reis
			spawn_character portugal Catarina Reis, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Reis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Reis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Reis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Reis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catarina Reis, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatriz Teles
			spawn_character portugal Beatriz Teles, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Teles" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Teles" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Teles" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Teles" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatriz Teles, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Benedetta Salomon
			spawn_character venice Benedetta Salomon, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Benedetta Salomon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Benedetta Salomon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Benedetta Salomon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Benedetta Salomon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Benedetta Salomon, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna Lanzuoli
			spawn_character venice Anna Lanzuoli, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Anna Lanzuoli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Lanzuoli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Lanzuoli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Lanzuoli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Lanzuoli, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Besina da_Belluno
			spawn_character venice Besina da_Belluno, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Besina da_Belluno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Besina da_Belluno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Besina da_Belluno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Besina da_Belluno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Besina da_Belluno, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fiorenza da_Canal
			spawn_character venice Fiorenza da_Canal, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza da_Canal" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza da_Canal" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza da_Canal" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza da_Canal" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fiorenza da_Canal, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lena Salviati
			spawn_character milan Lena Salviati, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Lena Salviati" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena Salviati" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena Salviati" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena Salviati" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lena Salviati, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosa Della_Mea
			spawn_character milan Rosa Della_Mea, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Rosa Della_Mea" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa Della_Mea" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa Della_Mea" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa Della_Mea" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosa Della_Mea, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Grana di_Lavagna
			spawn_character milan Grana di_Lavagna, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Grana di_Lavagna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grana di_Lavagna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grana di_Lavagna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grana di_Lavagna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Grana di_Lavagna, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Letta Embriaci
			spawn_character milan Letta Embriaci, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Letta Embriaci" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta Embriaci" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta Embriaci" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta Embriaci" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Letta Embriaci, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Adelaisa Antiochia
			spawn_character sicily Adelaisa Antiochia, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Adelaisa Antiochia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelaisa Antiochia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelaisa Antiochia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelaisa Antiochia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelaisa Antiochia, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Libbirata di_Massafra
			spawn_character sicily Libbirata di_Massafra, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Libbirata di_Massafra" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Libbirata di_Massafra" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Libbirata di_Massafra" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Libbirata di_Massafra" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Libbirata di_Massafra, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Virginia Filangieri
			spawn_character sicily Virginia Filangieri, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Virginia Filangieri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia Filangieri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia Filangieri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia Filangieri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Virginia Filangieri, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Martina di_Sicignano
			spawn_character sicily Martina di_Sicignano, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Martina di_Sicignano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina di_Sicignano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina di_Sicignano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina di_Sicignano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martina di_Sicignano, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Piroska Kis
			spawn_character hungary Piroska Kis, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Kis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Kis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Kis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Kis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Piroska Kis, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ibolya Radi
			spawn_character hungary Ibolya Radi, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Radi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Radi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Radi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Radi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ibolya Radi, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Katalin Borkalan
			spawn_character hungary Katalin Borkalan, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Borkalan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Borkalan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Borkalan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Borkalan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Katalin Borkalan, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adelhaid a_Kacsics_nembol
			spawn_character hungary Adelhaid a_Kacsics_nembol, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid a_Kacsics_nembol" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid a_Kacsics_nembol" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid a_Kacsics_nembol" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid a_Kacsics_nembol" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelhaid a_Kacsics_nembol, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Bogumila Sandomierski
			spawn_character poland Bogumila Sandomierski, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Sandomierski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Sandomierski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Sandomierski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Sandomierski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bogumila Sandomierski, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Godzimira Surma
			spawn_character poland Godzimira Surma, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira Surma" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira Surma" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira Surma" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira Surma" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Godzimira Surma, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Barbara z_Ryczowa
			spawn_character poland Barbara z_Ryczowa, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Barbara z_Ryczowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara z_Ryczowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara z_Ryczowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara z_Ryczowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Barbara z_Ryczowa, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kazimiera z_Ostrowca
			spawn_character poland Kazimiera z_Ostrowca, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera z_Ostrowca" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera z_Ostrowca" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera z_Ostrowca" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera z_Ostrowca" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kazimiera z_Ostrowca, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nomeda Baranowski
			spawn_character lithuania Nomeda Baranowski, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Nomeda Baranowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nomeda Baranowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nomeda Baranowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nomeda Baranowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nomeda Baranowski, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Migle z_Bedkowic
			spawn_character lithuania Migle z_Bedkowic, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Migle z_Bedkowic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Migle z_Bedkowic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Migle z_Bedkowic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Migle z_Bedkowic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Migle z_Bedkowic, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Skirmante Ciolek
			spawn_character lithuania Skirmante Ciolek, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Skirmante Ciolek" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Skirmante Ciolek" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Skirmante Ciolek" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Skirmante Ciolek" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Skirmante Ciolek, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kazimiera Wlostowic
			spawn_character lithuania Kazimiera Wlostowic, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Wlostowic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Wlostowic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Wlostowic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Wlostowic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kazimiera Wlostowic, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Zoya Odinets
			spawn_character kievan_rus Zoya Odinets, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Zoya Odinets" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoya Odinets" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoya Odinets" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoya Odinets" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zoya Odinets, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agrafena Terebovlskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Agrafena Terebovlskii, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Terebovlskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Terebovlskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Terebovlskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Terebovlskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agrafena Terebovlskii, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Predslava Domozhirov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Predslava Domozhirov, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Domozhirov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Domozhirov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Domozhirov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Domozhirov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Predslava Domozhirov, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena Pestroy
			spawn_character kievan_rus Elena Pestroy, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Elena Pestroy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Pestroy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Pestroy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Pestroy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena Pestroy, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Maria Pereyaslavskii
			spawn_character russia Maria Pereyaslavskii, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Maria Pereyaslavskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Pereyaslavskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Pereyaslavskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Pereyaslavskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria Pereyaslavskii, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agrafena Smolin
			spawn_character russia Agrafena Smolin, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Smolin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Smolin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Smolin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Smolin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agrafena Smolin, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Varvara Chepenok
			spawn_character russia Varvara Chepenok, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Varvara Chepenok" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Varvara Chepenok" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Varvara Chepenok" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Varvara Chepenok" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Varvara Chepenok, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Praskovia Morozov
			spawn_character russia Praskovia Morozov, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Morozov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Morozov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Morozov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Morozov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Praskovia Morozov, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mathilde de_Tiberiade
			spawn_character jerusalem Mathilde de_Tiberiade, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Tiberiade" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Tiberiade" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Tiberiade" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Tiberiade" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mathilde de_Tiberiade, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Arda de_Montreal
			spawn_character jerusalem Arda de_Montreal, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Arda de_Montreal" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Arda de_Montreal" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Arda de_Montreal" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Arda de_Montreal" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Arda de_Montreal, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mathilde d_Aubusson
			spawn_character jerusalem Mathilde d_Aubusson, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde d_Aubusson" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde d_Aubusson" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde d_Aubusson" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde d_Aubusson" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mathilde d_Aubusson, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hodierne de_Chastel_Rouge
			spawn_character jerusalem Hodierne de_Chastel_Rouge, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Chastel_Rouge" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Chastel_Rouge" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Chastel_Rouge" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Chastel_Rouge" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hodierne de_Chastel_Rouge, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Paris = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter paris_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Tatia Kaxaberisdze
			spawn_character georgia Tatia Kaxaberisdze, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Kaxaberisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Kaxaberisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Kaxaberisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Kaxaberisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatia Kaxaberisdze, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tinantin Abuletisdze
			spawn_character georgia Tinantin Abuletisdze, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Tinantin Abuletisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tinantin Abuletisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tinantin Abuletisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tinantin Abuletisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tinantin Abuletisdze, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nuca Gisheli
			spawn_character georgia Nuca Gisheli, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Nuca Gisheli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nuca Gisheli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nuca Gisheli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nuca Gisheli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nuca Gisheli, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vardo Marushisdze
			spawn_character georgia Vardo Marushisdze, princess, age 19, x 95, y 197
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Marushisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Marushisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Marushisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Marushisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vardo Marushisdze, 94,197
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter paris_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter paris_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Paris_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Arhus
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ariadni Grapsas
			spawn_character byzantium Ariadni Grapsas, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Ariadni Grapsas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ariadni Grapsas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ariadni Grapsas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ariadni Grapsas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ariadni Grapsas, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Simonis Eugenikos
			spawn_character byzantium Simonis Eugenikos, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Simonis Eugenikos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Simonis Eugenikos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Simonis Eugenikos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Simonis Eugenikos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Simonis Eugenikos, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hypatia Katas
			spawn_character byzantium Hypatia Katas, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Hypatia Katas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypatia Katas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypatia Katas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypatia Katas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hypatia Katas, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Theophano Sestrophos
			spawn_character byzantium Theophano Sestrophos, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Theophano Sestrophos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Theophano Sestrophos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Theophano Sestrophos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Theophano Sestrophos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Theophano Sestrophos, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Amy Liddyatt
			spawn_character england Amy Liddyatt, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Amy Liddyatt" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Amy Liddyatt" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Amy Liddyatt" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Amy Liddyatt" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Amy Liddyatt, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Christina Nedam
			spawn_character england Christina Nedam, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Christina Nedam" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Christina Nedam" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Christina Nedam" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Christina Nedam" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Christina Nedam, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Euphemia Swafylde
			spawn_character england Euphemia Swafylde, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Euphemia Swafylde" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemia Swafylde" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemia Swafylde" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemia Swafylde" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Euphemia Swafylde, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lora Tyrell
			spawn_character england Lora Tyrell, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Lora Tyrell" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lora Tyrell" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lora Tyrell" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lora Tyrell" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lora Tyrell, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Issobell mac_Mail_Giric
			spawn_character scotland Issobell mac_Mail_Giric, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Mail_Giric" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Mail_Giric" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Mail_Giric" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Mail_Giric" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Issobell mac_Mail_Giric, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Deirdre mac_Chormaic
			spawn_character scotland Deirdre mac_Chormaic, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Chormaic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Chormaic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Chormaic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Chormaic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Deirdre mac_Chormaic, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Slaine mac_Mail_Brigte
			spawn_character scotland Slaine mac_Mail_Brigte, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Slaine mac_Mail_Brigte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Slaine mac_Mail_Brigte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Slaine mac_Mail_Brigte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Slaine mac_Mail_Brigte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Slaine mac_Mail_Brigte, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Muireall mac_Findlaich
			spawn_character scotland Muireall mac_Findlaich, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Muireall mac_Findlaich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Muireall mac_Findlaich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Muireall mac_Findlaich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Muireall mac_Findlaich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Muireall mac_Findlaich, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Engelin Ahrens
			spawn_character hre Engelin Ahrens, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Engelin Ahrens" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Engelin Ahrens" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Engelin Ahrens" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Engelin Ahrens" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Engelin Ahrens, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatrix von_Bohmen
			spawn_character hre Beatrix von_Bohmen, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix von_Bohmen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix von_Bohmen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix von_Bohmen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix von_Bohmen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatrix von_Bohmen, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Barbara Lander
			spawn_character hre Barbara Lander, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Lander" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Lander" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Lander" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Lander" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Barbara Lander, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mechthilt Hane
			spawn_character hre Mechthilt Hane, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Mechthilt Hane" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mechthilt Hane" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mechthilt Hane" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mechthilt Hane" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mechthilt Hane, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ermengarde de_la_Roche
			spawn_character france Ermengarde de_la_Roche, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde de_la_Roche" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde de_la_Roche" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde de_la_Roche" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde de_la_Roche" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ermengarde de_la_Roche, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ingeburge de_Ligne
			spawn_character france Ingeburge de_Ligne, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Ingeburge de_Ligne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeburge de_Ligne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeburge de_Ligne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeburge de_Ligne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ingeburge de_Ligne, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bertrada de_la_Tour
			spawn_character france Bertrada de_la_Tour, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Bertrada de_la_Tour" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrada de_la_Tour" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrada de_la_Tour" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrada de_la_Tour" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bertrada de_la_Tour, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gerberge de_la_Chapelle
			spawn_character france Gerberge de_la_Chapelle, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Gerberge de_la_Chapelle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerberge de_la_Chapelle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerberge de_la_Chapelle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerberge de_la_Chapelle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gerberge de_la_Chapelle, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gyda Jakobsen
			spawn_character denmark Gyda Jakobsen, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Gyda Jakobsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gyda Jakobsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gyda Jakobsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gyda Jakobsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gyda Jakobsen, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agnes Christoffersen
			spawn_character denmark Agnes Christoffersen, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Christoffersen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Christoffersen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Christoffersen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Christoffersen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnes Christoffersen, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helena Bjaelke
			spawn_character denmark Helena Bjaelke, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Helena Bjaelke" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Bjaelke" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Bjaelke" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Bjaelke" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena Bjaelke, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Edla af_Gastrikland
			spawn_character denmark Edla af_Gastrikland, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Edla af_Gastrikland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Edla af_Gastrikland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Edla af_Gastrikland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Edla af_Gastrikland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Edla af_Gastrikland, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Margaret Johnsen
			spawn_character norway Margaret Johnsen, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Margaret Johnsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margaret Johnsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margaret Johnsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margaret Johnsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margaret Johnsen, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Thyra Sundsby
			spawn_character norway Thyra Sundsby, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Sundsby" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Sundsby" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Sundsby" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Sundsby" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Thyra Sundsby, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anita Akeleje
			spawn_character norway Anita Akeleje, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Anita Akeleje" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anita Akeleje" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anita Akeleje" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anita Akeleje" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anita Akeleje, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ingebjorg av_Grimstad
			spawn_character norway Ingebjorg av_Grimstad, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Ingebjorg av_Grimstad" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingebjorg av_Grimstad" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingebjorg av_Grimstad" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingebjorg av_Grimstad" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ingebjorg av_Grimstad, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Victoria de_Figueredo
			spawn_character spain Victoria de_Figueredo, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Victoria de_Figueredo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Victoria de_Figueredo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Victoria de_Figueredo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Victoria de_Figueredo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Victoria de_Figueredo, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sancha de_Calahorra
			spawn_character spain Sancha de_Calahorra, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Sancha de_Calahorra" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha de_Calahorra" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha de_Calahorra" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha de_Calahorra" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sancha de_Calahorra, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agueda de_Pedrosa
			spawn_character spain Agueda de_Pedrosa, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Agueda de_Pedrosa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agueda de_Pedrosa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agueda de_Pedrosa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agueda de_Pedrosa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agueda de_Pedrosa, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Juana Trillo
			spawn_character spain Juana Trillo, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Juana Trillo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Juana Trillo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Juana Trillo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Juana Trillo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Juana Trillo, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Jazinta Sampere
			spawn_character aragon Jazinta Sampere, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Jazinta Sampere" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jazinta Sampere" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jazinta Sampere" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jazinta Sampere" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jazinta Sampere, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Andolca d_Empuries
			spawn_character aragon Andolca d_Empuries, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Andolca d_Empuries" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Andolca d_Empuries" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Andolca d_Empuries" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Andolca d_Empuries" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Andolca d_Empuries, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Violan Torquelles
			spawn_character aragon Violan Torquelles, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Violan Torquelles" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Violan Torquelles" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Violan Torquelles" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Violan Torquelles" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Violan Torquelles, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sibil_la Moreu
			spawn_character aragon Sibil_la Moreu, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Sibil_la Moreu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibil_la Moreu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibil_la Moreu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibil_la Moreu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sibil_la Moreu, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Brites Correia
			spawn_character portugal Brites Correia, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Brites Correia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brites Correia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brites Correia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brites Correia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brites Correia, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rute de_Valadares
			spawn_character portugal Rute de_Valadares, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Rute de_Valadares" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rute de_Valadares" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rute de_Valadares" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rute de_Valadares" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rute de_Valadares, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gabriela do_Crato
			spawn_character portugal Gabriela do_Crato, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Gabriela do_Crato" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gabriela do_Crato" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gabriela do_Crato" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gabriela do_Crato" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gabriela do_Crato, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margarida Nobre
			spawn_character portugal Margarida Nobre, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Margarida Nobre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarida Nobre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarida Nobre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarida Nobre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margarida Nobre, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Maria da_Peraga
			spawn_character venice Maria da_Peraga, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Maria da_Peraga" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria da_Peraga" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria da_Peraga" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria da_Peraga" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria da_Peraga, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teodora Carosi
			spawn_character venice Teodora Carosi, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Carosi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Carosi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Carosi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Carosi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teodora Carosi, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agneta Candian
			spawn_character venice Agneta Candian, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Candian" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Candian" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Candian" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Candian" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agneta Candian, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucia Vendramin
			spawn_character venice Lucia Vendramin, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Vendramin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Vendramin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Vendramin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Vendramin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucia Vendramin, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Silvia Oneto
			spawn_character milan Silvia Oneto, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Silvia Oneto" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia Oneto" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia Oneto" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia Oneto" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Silvia Oneto, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bona di_Carignano
			spawn_character milan Bona di_Carignano, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Bona di_Carignano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona di_Carignano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona di_Carignano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona di_Carignano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bona di_Carignano, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Claudia Aliprandi
			spawn_character milan Claudia Aliprandi, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Claudia Aliprandi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Claudia Aliprandi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Claudia Aliprandi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Claudia Aliprandi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Claudia Aliprandi, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Buona Della_Volta
			spawn_character milan Buona Della_Volta, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Buona Della_Volta" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Buona Della_Volta" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Buona Della_Volta" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Buona Della_Volta" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Buona Della_Volta, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Pulchera Mosca
			spawn_character sicily Pulchera Mosca, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera Mosca" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera Mosca" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera Mosca" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera Mosca" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pulchera Mosca, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Litizzia Capece
			spawn_character sicily Litizzia Capece, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Litizzia Capece" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Litizzia Capece" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Litizzia Capece" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Litizzia Capece" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Litizzia Capece, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Matilda di_Monte_Marano
			spawn_character sicily Matilda di_Monte_Marano, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Matilda di_Monte_Marano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda di_Monte_Marano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda di_Monte_Marano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda di_Monte_Marano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Matilda di_Monte_Marano, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Judith di_Battalaro
			spawn_character sicily Judith di_Battalaro, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Judith di_Battalaro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith di_Battalaro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith di_Battalaro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith di_Battalaro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judith di_Battalaro, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Viola Kolozsnemasi
			spawn_character hungary Viola Kolozsnemasi, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Viola Kolozsnemasi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Viola Kolozsnemasi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Viola Kolozsnemasi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Viola Kolozsnemasi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Viola Kolozsnemasi, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bea#ta Borkalan
			spawn_character hungary Bea#ta Borkalan, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Borkalan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Borkalan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Borkalan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Borkalan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bea#ta Borkalan, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ibolya Ratot
			spawn_character hungary Ibolya Ratot, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Ratot" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Ratot" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Ratot" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Ratot" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ibolya Ratot, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Viola Martonfalvi
			spawn_character hungary Viola Martonfalvi, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Viola Martonfalvi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Viola Martonfalvi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Viola Martonfalvi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Viola Martonfalvi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Viola Martonfalvi, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Krzeslawa z_Okop
			spawn_character poland Krzeslawa z_Okop, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa z_Okop" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa z_Okop" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa z_Okop" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa z_Okop" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Krzeslawa z_Okop, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beata Zawada
			spawn_character poland Beata Zawada, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Beata Zawada" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beata Zawada" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beata Zawada" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beata Zawada" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beata Zawada, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Regelinda Piastowic
			spawn_character poland Regelinda Piastowic, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Piastowic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Piastowic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Piastowic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Piastowic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Regelinda Piastowic, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Matylda z_Garbowa
			spawn_character poland Matylda z_Garbowa, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Matylda z_Garbowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Matylda z_Garbowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Matylda z_Garbowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Matylda z_Garbowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Matylda z_Garbowa, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ofka z_Turowa
			spawn_character lithuania Ofka z_Turowa, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Ofka z_Turowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ofka z_Turowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ofka z_Turowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ofka z_Turowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ofka z_Turowa, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brodzislawa Pas
			spawn_character lithuania Brodzislawa Pas, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Pas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Pas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Pas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Pas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brodzislawa Pas, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adelajda Radomski
			spawn_character lithuania Adelajda Radomski, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Radomski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Radomski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Radomski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Radomski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelajda Radomski, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Janczyslawa Lesniewski
			spawn_character lithuania Janczyslawa Lesniewski, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Lesniewski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Lesniewski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Lesniewski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Lesniewski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Janczyslawa Lesniewski, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Maria Starodubskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Maria Starodubskii, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Maria Starodubskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Starodubskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Starodubskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Starodubskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria Starodubskii, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natalia Sorokoum
			spawn_character kievan_rus Natalia Sorokoum, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Sorokoum" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Sorokoum" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Sorokoum" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Sorokoum" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Sorokoum, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Iuliania Volynskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Iuliania Volynskii, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Volynskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Volynskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Volynskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Volynskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Iuliania Volynskii, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Predslava Kirdyapa
			spawn_character kievan_rus Predslava Kirdyapa, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Kirdyapa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Kirdyapa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Kirdyapa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Kirdyapa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Predslava Kirdyapa, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Kupava Dobroi
			spawn_character russia Kupava Dobroi, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Dobroi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Dobroi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Dobroi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Dobroi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kupava Dobroi, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Iuliania Netshin
			spawn_character russia Iuliania Netshin, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Netshin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Netshin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Netshin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Netshin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Iuliania Netshin, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natalia Ovin
			spawn_character russia Natalia Ovin, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Ovin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Ovin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Ovin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Ovin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Ovin, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zbyslava Obrazets
			spawn_character russia Zbyslava Obrazets, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Obrazets" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Obrazets" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Obrazets" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Obrazets" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zbyslava Obrazets, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ade#laide de_Flandre
			spawn_character jerusalem Ade#laide de_Flandre, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Flandre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Flandre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Flandre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Flandre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ade#laide de_Flandre, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eleonore de_Bira
			spawn_character jerusalem Eleonore de_Bira, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore de_Bira" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore de_Bira" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore de_Bira" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore de_Bira" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eleonore de_Bira, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Constance de_Brienne
			spawn_character jerusalem Constance de_Brienne, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Brienne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Brienne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Brienne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Constance de_Brienne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Constance de_Brienne, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucienne de_Thuringe
			spawn_character jerusalem Lucienne de_Thuringe, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Thuringe" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Thuringe" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Thuringe" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Thuringe" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucienne de_Thuringe, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Arhus = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Salome Donauri
			spawn_character georgia Salome Donauri, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Salome Donauri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Donauri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Donauri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Donauri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Salome Donauri, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Pati Jaqeli
			spawn_character georgia Pati Jaqeli, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Pati Jaqeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pati Jaqeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pati Jaqeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pati Jaqeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pati Jaqeli, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists RusudanI Aspanisdze
			spawn_character georgia RusudanI Aspanisdze, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Aspanisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Aspanisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Aspanisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Aspanisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move RusudanI Aspanisdze, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Babale Taoeli
			spawn_character georgia Babale Taoeli, princess, age 19, x 149, y 249
			console_command give_trait "Babale Taoeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Taoeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Taoeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Taoeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Babale Taoeli, 150,249
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter arhus_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter arhus_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Arhus_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Oslo
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Zoe Kantakouzenos#I
			spawn_character byzantium Zoe Kantakouzenos#I, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Kantakouzenos#I" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Kantakouzenos#I" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Kantakouzenos#I" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Kantakouzenos#I" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zoe Kantakouzenos#I, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eudocia Phryganos
			spawn_character byzantium Eudocia Phryganos, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Eudocia Phryganos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudocia Phryganos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudocia Phryganos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudocia Phryganos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eudocia Phryganos, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna_I Tessaites
			spawn_character byzantium Anna_I Tessaites, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Tessaites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Tessaites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Tessaites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Tessaites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna_I Tessaites, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aelia Prokopios
			spawn_character byzantium Aelia Prokopios, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Prokopios" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Prokopios" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Prokopios" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Prokopios" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aelia Prokopios, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Basilia Kinsey
			spawn_character england Basilia Kinsey, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Basilia Kinsey" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Basilia Kinsey" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Basilia Kinsey" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Basilia Kinsey" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Basilia Kinsey, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ybelote Ferguson
			spawn_character england Ybelote Ferguson, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Ybelote Ferguson" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ybelote Ferguson" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ybelote Ferguson" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ybelote Ferguson" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ybelote Ferguson, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Udeline Brandon
			spawn_character england Udeline Brandon, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Udeline Brandon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Udeline Brandon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Udeline Brandon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Udeline Brandon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Udeline Brandon, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bridget Francis
			spawn_character england Bridget Francis, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Bridget Francis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bridget Francis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bridget Francis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bridget Francis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bridget Francis, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Siobhan mac_Mail_Choluim
			spawn_character scotland Siobhan mac_Mail_Choluim, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Mail_Choluim" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Mail_Choluim" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Mail_Choluim" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Mail_Choluim" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Siobhan mac_Mail_Choluim, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eilidh mac_Chormaic
			spawn_character scotland Eilidh mac_Chormaic, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Eilidh mac_Chormaic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eilidh mac_Chormaic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eilidh mac_Chormaic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eilidh mac_Chormaic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eilidh mac_Chormaic, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ete mac_Arcill
			spawn_character scotland Ete mac_Arcill, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Ete mac_Arcill" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ete mac_Arcill" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ete mac_Arcill" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ete mac_Arcill" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ete mac_Arcill, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Seonaid mac_Ferdomnaig
			spawn_character scotland Seonaid mac_Ferdomnaig, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Seonaid mac_Ferdomnaig" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Seonaid mac_Ferdomnaig" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Seonaid mac_Ferdomnaig" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Seonaid mac_Ferdomnaig" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Seonaid mac_Ferdomnaig, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anna von_Wurzburg
			spawn_character hre Anna von_Wurzburg, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Anna von_Wurzburg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna von_Wurzburg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna von_Wurzburg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna von_Wurzburg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna von_Wurzburg, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Reusin von_Fulda
			spawn_character hre Reusin von_Fulda, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Reusin von_Fulda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Reusin von_Fulda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Reusin von_Fulda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Reusin von_Fulda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Reusin von_Fulda, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nopurg Schertlin
			spawn_character hre Nopurg Schertlin, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Nopurg Schertlin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nopurg Schertlin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nopurg Schertlin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nopurg Schertlin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nopurg Schertlin, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margret+I von_Sizilien
			spawn_character hre Margret+I von_Sizilien, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Margret+I von_Sizilien" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margret+I von_Sizilien" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margret+I von_Sizilien" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margret+I von_Sizilien" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margret+I von_Sizilien, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Fresende Crespin
			spawn_character france Fresende Crespin, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Fresende Crespin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fresende Crespin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fresende Crespin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fresende Crespin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fresende Crespin, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bertrade Flambard
			spawn_character france Bertrade Flambard, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Bertrade Flambard" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrade Flambard" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrade Flambard" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrade Flambard" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bertrade Flambard, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Be#atrix Saisset
			spawn_character france Be#atrix Saisset, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrix Saisset" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrix Saisset" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrix Saisset" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrix Saisset" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Be#atrix Saisset, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Berthe Tirel
			spawn_character france Berthe Tirel, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Berthe Tirel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Berthe Tirel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Berthe Tirel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Berthe Tirel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Berthe Tirel, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Grete af_Stubbergard
			spawn_character denmark Grete af_Stubbergard, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Grete af_Stubbergard" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grete af_Stubbergard" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grete af_Stubbergard" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grete af_Stubbergard" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Grete af_Stubbergard, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Estrid af_Malov
			spawn_character denmark Estrid af_Malov, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Estrid af_Malov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrid af_Malov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrid af_Malov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrid af_Malov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Estrid af_Malov, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elisabeth af_Halland
			spawn_character denmark Elisabeth af_Halland, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth af_Halland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth af_Halland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth af_Halland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth af_Halland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisabeth af_Halland, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luitgard af_Borglum
			spawn_character denmark Luitgard af_Borglum, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Borglum" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Borglum" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Borglum" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Borglum" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luitgard af_Borglum, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Edel Skoftesen
			spawn_character norway Edel Skoftesen, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Edel Skoftesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Edel Skoftesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Edel Skoftesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Edel Skoftesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Edel Skoftesen, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Homlaug Nass
			spawn_character norway Homlaug Nass, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Homlaug Nass" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Homlaug Nass" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Homlaug Nass" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Homlaug Nass" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Homlaug Nass, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tina av_Bonsnes
			spawn_character norway Tina av_Bonsnes, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Tina av_Bonsnes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tina av_Bonsnes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tina av_Bonsnes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tina av_Bonsnes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tina av_Bonsnes, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Haldora av_Hove
			spawn_character norway Haldora av_Hove, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Haldora av_Hove" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Haldora av_Hove" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Haldora av_Hove" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Haldora av_Hove" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Haldora av_Hove, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Magdalena de_Montalvo
			spawn_character spain Magdalena de_Montalvo, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena de_Montalvo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena de_Montalvo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena de_Montalvo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena de_Montalvo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magdalena de_Montalvo, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Blanca de_Lerma
			spawn_character spain Blanca de_Lerma, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Blanca de_Lerma" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanca de_Lerma" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanca de_Lerma" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanca de_Lerma" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Blanca de_Lerma, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aldonza del_Castillo
			spawn_character spain Aldonza del_Castillo, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza del_Castillo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza del_Castillo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza del_Castillo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza del_Castillo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldonza del_Castillo, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Candelaria de_Sepulveda
			spawn_character spain Candelaria de_Sepulveda, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Candelaria de_Sepulveda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Candelaria de_Sepulveda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Candelaria de_Sepulveda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Candelaria de_Sepulveda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Candelaria de_Sepulveda, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eleanor Carbo
			spawn_character aragon Eleanor Carbo, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Eleanor Carbo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleanor Carbo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleanor Carbo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleanor Carbo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eleanor Carbo, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beyatriz Noguera
			spawn_character aragon Beyatriz Noguera, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Beyatriz Noguera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beyatriz Noguera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beyatriz Noguera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beyatriz Noguera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beyatriz Noguera, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nieus de_Castellbo
			spawn_character aragon Nieus de_Castellbo, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Nieus de_Castellbo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nieus de_Castellbo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nieus de_Castellbo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nieus de_Castellbo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nieus de_Castellbo, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teresa Massot
			spawn_character aragon Teresa Massot, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Teresa Massot" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa Massot" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa Massot" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa Massot" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teresa Massot, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Angelina de_Matos
			spawn_character portugal Angelina de_Matos, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Angelina de_Matos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina de_Matos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina de_Matos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina de_Matos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Angelina de_Matos, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teresa de_Noronha
			spawn_character portugal Teresa de_Noronha, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Noronha" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Noronha" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Noronha" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Noronha" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teresa de_Noronha, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabel Dinis
			spawn_character portugal Isabel Dinis, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Dinis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Dinis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Dinis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Dinis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabel Dinis, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Branca Romao
			spawn_character portugal Branca Romao, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Branca Romao" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Branca Romao" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Branca Romao" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Branca Romao" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Branca Romao, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Marzia Ipato
			spawn_character venice Marzia Ipato, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Marzia Ipato" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marzia Ipato" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marzia Ipato" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marzia Ipato" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marzia Ipato, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ruggera Dolfin
			spawn_character venice Ruggera Dolfin, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Ruggera Dolfin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ruggera Dolfin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ruggera Dolfin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ruggera Dolfin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ruggera Dolfin, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Annetta Zeno
			spawn_character venice Annetta Zeno, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Annetta Zeno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta Zeno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta Zeno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta Zeno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Annetta Zeno, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Benvenuta Dona
			spawn_character venice Benvenuta Dona, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Benvenuta Dona" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Benvenuta Dona" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Benvenuta Dona" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Benvenuta Dona" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Benvenuta Dona, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Maria Boccanegra
			spawn_character milan Maria Boccanegra, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Maria Boccanegra" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Boccanegra" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Boccanegra" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Boccanegra" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria Boccanegra, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francesca Salviati
			spawn_character milan Francesca Salviati, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Salviati" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Salviati" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Salviati" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Salviati" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francesca Salviati, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bice da_Genova
			spawn_character milan Bice da_Genova, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Bice da_Genova" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice da_Genova" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice da_Genova" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice da_Genova" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bice da_Genova, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Caterina da_Bagnone
			spawn_character milan Caterina da_Bagnone, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Caterina da_Bagnone" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina da_Bagnone" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina da_Bagnone" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina da_Bagnone" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Caterina da_Bagnone, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eulalia di_Autavilla
			spawn_character sicily Eulalia di_Autavilla, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Autavilla" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Autavilla" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Autavilla" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Autavilla" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eulalia di_Autavilla, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bonavintura di_Aci
			spawn_character sicily Bonavintura di_Aci, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Bonavintura di_Aci" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bonavintura di_Aci" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bonavintura di_Aci" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bonavintura di_Aci" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bonavintura di_Aci, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lia di_Noto
			spawn_character sicily Lia di_Noto, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Lia di_Noto" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lia di_Noto" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lia di_Noto" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lia di_Noto" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lia di_Noto, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosa di_Giovinazzo
			spawn_character sicily Rosa di_Giovinazzo, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Giovinazzo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Giovinazzo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Giovinazzo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Giovinazzo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosa di_Giovinazzo, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Szines Vajda
			spawn_character hungary Szines Vajda, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Szines Vajda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Vajda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Vajda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Vajda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Szines Vajda, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna Korpadi
			spawn_character hungary Anna Korpadi, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Anna Korpadi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Korpadi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Korpadi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Korpadi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Korpadi, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rozsa Losonczi
			spawn_character hungary Rozsa Losonczi, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Losonczi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Losonczi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Losonczi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Losonczi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rozsa Losonczi, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luca Vasardi
			spawn_character hungary Luca Vasardi, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Luca Vasardi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Vasardi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Vasardi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Vasardi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luca Vasardi, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Bojana Radomski
			spawn_character poland Bojana Radomski, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Radomski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Radomski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Radomski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Radomski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bojana Radomski, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Antonia Pas
			spawn_character poland Antonia Pas, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Pas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Pas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Pas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Pas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Antonia Pas, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mojmira z_Granowa
			spawn_character poland Mojmira z_Granowa, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Mojmira z_Granowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mojmira z_Granowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mojmira z_Granowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mojmira z_Granowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mojmira z_Granowa, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Racibora z_Koniecpola
			spawn_character poland Racibora z_Koniecpola, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Racibora z_Koniecpola" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Racibora z_Koniecpola" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Racibora z_Koniecpola" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Racibora z_Koniecpola" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Racibora z_Koniecpola, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lubomira z_Biskupic
			spawn_character lithuania Lubomira z_Biskupic, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Biskupic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Biskupic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Biskupic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Biskupic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lubomira z_Biskupic, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vaida z_Ostroroga
			spawn_character lithuania Vaida z_Ostroroga, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Ostroroga" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Ostroroga" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Ostroroga" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Ostroroga" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vaida z_Ostroroga, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tautvyde z_Brudzewa
			spawn_character lithuania Tautvyde z_Brudzewa, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Tautvyde z_Brudzewa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tautvyde z_Brudzewa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tautvyde z_Brudzewa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tautvyde z_Brudzewa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tautvyde z_Brudzewa, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beata z_Garbowa
			spawn_character lithuania Beata z_Garbowa, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Beata z_Garbowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beata z_Garbowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beata z_Garbowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beata z_Garbowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beata z_Garbowa, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Feodora Cheshko
			spawn_character kievan_rus Feodora Cheshko, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Cheshko" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Cheshko" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Cheshko" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Cheshko" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feodora Cheshko, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Irina Telyatevskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Irina Telyatevskii, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Irina Telyatevskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Telyatevskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Telyatevskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Telyatevskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irina Telyatevskii, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ekaterina Volk
			spawn_character kievan_rus Ekaterina Volk, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Volk" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Volk" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Volk" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Volk" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ekaterina Volk, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marfa Bobrok_Volynets
			spawn_character kievan_rus Marfa Bobrok_Volynets, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Marfa Bobrok_Volynets" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marfa Bobrok_Volynets" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marfa Bobrok_Volynets" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marfa Bobrok_Volynets" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marfa Bobrok_Volynets, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Predslava Gorbatyi
			spawn_character russia Predslava Gorbatyi, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Gorbatyi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Gorbatyi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Gorbatyi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Gorbatyi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Predslava Gorbatyi, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Radoslava Smolenskii
			spawn_character russia Radoslava Smolenskii, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Radoslava Smolenskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Radoslava Smolenskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Radoslava Smolenskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Radoslava Smolenskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Radoslava Smolenskii, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lyubava Terebovlskii
			spawn_character russia Lyubava Terebovlskii, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Terebovlskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Terebovlskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Terebovlskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Terebovlskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lyubava Terebovlskii, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Evdokia Ostey
			spawn_character russia Evdokia Ostey, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Evdokia Ostey" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evdokia Ostey" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evdokia Ostey" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evdokia Ostey" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evdokia Ostey, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Marguerite de_Cilicie
			spawn_character jerusalem Marguerite de_Cilicie, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Marguerite de_Cilicie" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marguerite de_Cilicie" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marguerite de_Cilicie" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marguerite de_Cilicie" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marguerite de_Cilicie, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ade#laide de_Brisebarre
			spawn_character jerusalem Ade#laide de_Brisebarre, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Brisebarre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Brisebarre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Brisebarre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Brisebarre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ade#laide de_Brisebarre, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marie d_Arsouf
			spawn_character jerusalem Marie d_Arsouf, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Marie d_Arsouf" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie d_Arsouf" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie d_Arsouf" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie d_Arsouf" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marie d_Arsouf, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Melisende de_Calmont
			spawn_character jerusalem Melisende de_Calmont, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Calmont" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Calmont" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Calmont" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Calmont" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Melisende de_Calmont, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Oslo = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nino Arishiani
			spawn_character georgia Nino Arishiani, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Nino Arishiani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Arishiani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Arishiani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Arishiani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nino Arishiani, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natia Urbneli
			spawn_character georgia Natia Urbneli, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Natia Urbneli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natia Urbneli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natia Urbneli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natia Urbneli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natia Urbneli, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatia Samcxeli
			spawn_character georgia Tatia Samcxeli, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Samcxeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Samcxeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Samcxeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Samcxeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatia Samcxeli, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamar Samshvildeli
			spawn_character georgia Tamar Samshvildeli, princess, age 19, x 156, y 276
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Samshvildeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Samshvildeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Samshvildeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Samshvildeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamar Samshvildeli, 155,276
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter oslo_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter oslo_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Oslo_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Leon
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ekaterina Karystenos
			spawn_character byzantium Ekaterina Karystenos, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Karystenos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Karystenos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Karystenos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Karystenos" PrettyWoman 1
			move Ekaterina Karystenos, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maritza Doukitzes
			spawn_character byzantium Maritza Doukitzes, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Doukitzes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Doukitzes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Doukitzes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Doukitzes" PrettyWoman 1
			move Maritza Doukitzes, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena_I Imerios
			spawn_character byzantium Elena_I Imerios, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Elena_I Imerios" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena_I Imerios" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena_I Imerios" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena_I Imerios" PrettyWoman 1
			move Elena_I Imerios, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Thekla Maniates
			spawn_character byzantium Thekla Maniates, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Thekla Maniates" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Thekla Maniates" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Thekla Maniates" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Thekla Maniates" PrettyWoman 1
			move Thekla Maniates, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anne of_Berwick
			spawn_character england Anne of_Berwick, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Anne of_Berwick" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne of_Berwick" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne of_Berwick" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne of_Berwick" PrettyWoman 1
			move Anne of_Berwick, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cecilia of_Clare
			spawn_character england Cecilia of_Clare, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia of_Clare" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia of_Clare" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia of_Clare" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia of_Clare" PrettyWoman 1
			move Cecilia of_Clare, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elianora Wiclif
			spawn_character england Elianora Wiclif, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Elianora Wiclif" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elianora Wiclif" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elianora Wiclif" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elianora Wiclif" PrettyWoman 1
			move Elianora Wiclif, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabel Palmere
			spawn_character england Isabel Palmere, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Palmere" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Palmere" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Palmere" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Palmere" PrettyWoman 1
			move Isabel Palmere, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Doileag mac_Matni
			spawn_character scotland Doileag mac_Matni, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Matni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Matni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Matni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Matni" PrettyWoman 1
			move Doileag mac_Matni, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mor mac_Cuilen
			spawn_character scotland Mor mac_Cuilen, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Mor mac_Cuilen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mor mac_Cuilen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mor mac_Cuilen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mor mac_Cuilen" PrettyWoman 1
			move Mor mac_Cuilen, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ealasaid mac_Donnchaid
			spawn_character scotland Ealasaid mac_Donnchaid, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Donnchaid" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Donnchaid" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Donnchaid" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Donnchaid" PrettyWoman 1
			move Ealasaid mac_Donnchaid, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Doileag mac_Duibne
			spawn_character scotland Doileag mac_Duibne, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Duibne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Duibne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Duibne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Duibne" PrettyWoman 1
			move Doileag mac_Duibne, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Duretta Karolinger
			spawn_character hre Duretta Karolinger, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Duretta Karolinger" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Duretta Karolinger" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Duretta Karolinger" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Duretta Karolinger" PrettyWoman 1
			move Duretta Karolinger, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alheit Puschmann
			spawn_character hre Alheit Puschmann, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Puschmann" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Puschmann" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Puschmann" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Puschmann" PrettyWoman 1
			move Alheit Puschmann, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Grethlin Raabe
			spawn_character hre Grethlin Raabe, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin Raabe" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin Raabe" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin Raabe" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin Raabe" PrettyWoman 1
			move Grethlin Raabe, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ella Freitag
			spawn_character hre Ella Freitag, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ella Freitag" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ella Freitag" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ella Freitag" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ella Freitag" PrettyWoman 1
			move Ella Freitag, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ade#laide de_Toulouse
			spawn_character france Ade#laide de_Toulouse, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Toulouse" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Toulouse" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Toulouse" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ade#laide de_Toulouse" PrettyWoman 1
			move Ade#laide de_Toulouse, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alienor de_Navarre
			spawn_character france Alienor de_Navarre, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Alienor de_Navarre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor de_Navarre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor de_Navarre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor de_Navarre" PrettyWoman 1
			move Alienor de_Navarre, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabelle d_Eu
			spawn_character france Isabelle d_Eu, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle d_Eu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle d_Eu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle d_Eu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle d_Eu" PrettyWoman 1
			move Isabelle d_Eu, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Judith d_Arles
			spawn_character france Judith d_Arles, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Judith d_Arles" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith d_Arles" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith d_Arles" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith d_Arles" PrettyWoman 1
			move Judith d_Arles, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Yrsa af_Klejtrup
			spawn_character denmark Yrsa af_Klejtrup, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa af_Klejtrup" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa af_Klejtrup" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa af_Klejtrup" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa af_Klejtrup" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Yrsa af_Klejtrup, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Le af_Christiansfeld
			spawn_character denmark Le af_Christiansfeld, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Le af_Christiansfeld" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Le af_Christiansfeld" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Le af_Christiansfeld" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Le af_Christiansfeld" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Le af_Christiansfeld, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gunhild Galt
			spawn_character denmark Gunhild Galt, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild Galt" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild Galt" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild Galt" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild Galt" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gunhild Galt, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anne Tygesen
			spawn_character denmark Anne Tygesen, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Anne Tygesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Tygesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Tygesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Tygesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anne Tygesen, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Martha av_Bohuslan
			spawn_character norway Martha av_Bohuslan, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Martha av_Bohuslan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martha av_Bohuslan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martha av_Bohuslan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martha av_Bohuslan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martha av_Bohuslan, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gry av_Stiklestad
			spawn_character norway Gry av_Stiklestad, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Gry av_Stiklestad" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gry av_Stiklestad" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gry av_Stiklestad" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gry av_Stiklestad" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gry av_Stiklestad, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hanne av_Kviteseid
			spawn_character norway Hanne av_Kviteseid, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Hanne av_Kviteseid" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hanne av_Kviteseid" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hanne av_Kviteseid" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hanne av_Kviteseid" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hanne av_Kviteseid, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tove av_Honefoss
			spawn_character norway Tove av_Honefoss, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Tove av_Honefoss" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tove av_Honefoss" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tove av_Honefoss" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tove av_Honefoss" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tove av_Honefoss, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Olalla Navarro
			spawn_character spain Olalla Navarro, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Olalla Navarro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olalla Navarro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olalla Navarro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olalla Navarro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olalla Navarro, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena de_Avila
			spawn_character spain Elena de_Avila, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Elena de_Avila" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena de_Avila" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena de_Avila" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena de_Avila" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena de_Avila, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Urraca de_Santiago
			spawn_character spain Urraca de_Santiago, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Urraca de_Santiago" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Urraca de_Santiago" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Urraca de_Santiago" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Urraca de_Santiago" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Urraca de_Santiago, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francisca Cardenas
			spawn_character spain Francisca Cardenas, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Cardenas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Cardenas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Cardenas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Cardenas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francisca Cardenas, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Martina Aleu
			spawn_character aragon Martina Aleu, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Martina Aleu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina Aleu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina Aleu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina Aleu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martina Aleu, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francina Salvat
			spawn_character aragon Francina Salvat, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Francina Salvat" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Salvat" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Salvat" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Salvat" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francina Salvat, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aya Pallares
			spawn_character aragon Aya Pallares, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Aya Pallares" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Pallares" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Pallares" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Pallares" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aya Pallares, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Guallente Obradors
			spawn_character aragon Guallente Obradors, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Obradors" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Obradors" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Obradors" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Obradors" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guallente Obradors, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Violante Barros
			spawn_character portugal Violante Barros, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Violante Barros" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Barros" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Barros" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Barros" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Violante Barros, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Si#lvia Martins
			spawn_character portugal Si#lvia Martins, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia Martins" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia Martins" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia Martins" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia Martins" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Si#lvia Martins, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Carla Reis
			spawn_character portugal Carla Reis, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Carla Reis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Carla Reis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Carla Reis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Carla Reis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Carla Reis, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Clara Oliveira
			spawn_character portugal Clara Oliveira, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Clara Oliveira" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Oliveira" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Oliveira" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Oliveira" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Clara Oliveira, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Enrica Favero
			spawn_character venice Enrica Favero, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Enrica Favero" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Enrica Favero" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Enrica Favero" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Enrica Favero" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Enrica Favero, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Filippa da_Milano
			spawn_character venice Filippa da_Milano, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Filippa da_Milano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Filippa da_Milano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Filippa da_Milano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Filippa da_Milano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Filippa da_Milano, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agnesina Donado
			spawn_character venice Agnesina Donado, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Agnesina Donado" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnesina Donado" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnesina Donado" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnesina Donado" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnesina Donado, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catarina da_Belluno
			spawn_character venice Catarina da_Belluno, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Catarina da_Belluno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina da_Belluno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina da_Belluno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina da_Belluno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catarina da_Belluno, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Martinella da_Firenze
			spawn_character milan Martinella da_Firenze, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Martinella da_Firenze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martinella da_Firenze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martinella da_Firenze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martinella da_Firenze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martinella da_Firenze, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Piera Grimaldi
			spawn_character milan Piera Grimaldi, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Piera Grimaldi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Grimaldi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Grimaldi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Grimaldi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Piera Grimaldi, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Salvaza di_Chiavari
			spawn_character milan Salvaza di_Chiavari, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Salvaza di_Chiavari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Salvaza di_Chiavari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Salvaza di_Chiavari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Salvaza di_Chiavari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Salvaza di_Chiavari, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fiametta Fregoso
			spawn_character milan Fiametta Fregoso, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta Fregoso" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta Fregoso" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta Fregoso" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta Fregoso" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fiametta Fregoso, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cristina di_Ferentino
			spawn_character sicily Cristina di_Ferentino, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Ferentino" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Ferentino" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Ferentino" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Ferentino" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristina di_Ferentino, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tiresa Moncada
			spawn_character sicily Tiresa Moncada, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Tiresa Moncada" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tiresa Moncada" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tiresa Moncada" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tiresa Moncada" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tiresa Moncada, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eulalia Rocca
			spawn_character sicily Eulalia Rocca, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia Rocca" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia Rocca" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia Rocca" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia Rocca" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eulalia Rocca, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Livia di_Buonalbergo
			spawn_character sicily Livia di_Buonalbergo, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Livia di_Buonalbergo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Livia di_Buonalbergo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Livia di_Buonalbergo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Livia di_Buonalbergo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Livia di_Buonalbergo, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ibolya Horvath
			spawn_character hungary Ibolya Horvath, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Horvath" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Horvath" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Horvath" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ibolya Horvath" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ibolya Horvath, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Judit Osli
			spawn_character hungary Judit Osli, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Judit Osli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judit Osli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judit Osli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judit Osli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judit Osli, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ju#lia Szolgagyori
			spawn_character hungary Ju#lia Szolgagyori, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia Szolgagyori" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia Szolgagyori" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia Szolgagyori" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia Szolgagyori" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ju#lia Szolgagyori, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Orsolya Maradi
			spawn_character hungary Orsolya Maradi, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Orsolya Maradi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orsolya Maradi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orsolya Maradi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orsolya Maradi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orsolya Maradi, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Imislawa Gawron
			spawn_character poland Imislawa Gawron, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa Gawron" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa Gawron" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa Gawron" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa Gawron" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Imislawa Gawron, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zofia z_Biskupic
			spawn_character poland Zofia z_Biskupic, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Zofia z_Biskupic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zofia z_Biskupic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zofia z_Biskupic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zofia z_Biskupic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zofia z_Biskupic, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agnieszka Bazynski
			spawn_character poland Agnieszka Bazynski, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka Bazynski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka Bazynski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka Bazynski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka Bazynski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnieszka Bazynski, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Racibora z_Olesnicy
			spawn_character poland Racibora z_Olesnicy, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Racibora z_Olesnicy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Racibora z_Olesnicy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Racibora z_Olesnicy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Racibora z_Olesnicy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Racibora z_Olesnicy, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Skaiste z_Miedzyrzecza
			spawn_character lithuania Skaiste z_Miedzyrzecza, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Skaiste z_Miedzyrzecza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaiste z_Miedzyrzecza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaiste z_Miedzyrzecza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaiste z_Miedzyrzecza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Skaiste z_Miedzyrzecza, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gertruda Sobanski
			spawn_character lithuania Gertruda Sobanski, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Gertruda Sobanski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertruda Sobanski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertruda Sobanski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertruda Sobanski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gertruda Sobanski, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobrawa Szamotulski
			spawn_character lithuania Dobrawa Szamotulski, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa Szamotulski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa Szamotulski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa Szamotulski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa Szamotulski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobrawa Szamotulski, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aldona z_Brzezia
			spawn_character lithuania Aldona z_Brzezia, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Aldona z_Brzezia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldona z_Brzezia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldona z_Brzezia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldona z_Brzezia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldona z_Brzezia, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Rostislava Shemyaka
			spawn_character kievan_rus Rostislava Shemyaka, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Rostislava Shemyaka" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rostislava Shemyaka" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rostislava Shemyaka" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rostislava Shemyaka" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rostislava Shemyaka, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Evfimia Vereiskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Evfimia Vereiskii, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Vereiskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Vereiskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Vereiskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Vereiskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evfimia Vereiskii, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fevronia Kalita
			spawn_character kievan_rus Fevronia Kalita, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Kalita" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Kalita" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Kalita" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Kalita" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fevronia Kalita, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nadezhda Fedorov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Nadezhda Fedorov, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Fedorov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Fedorov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Fedorov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Fedorov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nadezhda Fedorov, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Sofia Sviblo
			spawn_character russia Sofia Sviblo, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Sviblo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Sviblo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Sviblo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Sviblo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sofia Sviblo, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena Matveev
			spawn_character russia Elena Matveev, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Elena Matveev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Matveev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Matveev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Matveev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena Matveev, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eupraxia Domozhirov
			spawn_character russia Eupraxia Domozhirov, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Domozhirov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Domozhirov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Domozhirov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Domozhirov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eupraxia Domozhirov, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Evfimia Dobrynskii
			spawn_character russia Evfimia Dobrynskii, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Dobrynskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Dobrynskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Dobrynskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Dobrynskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evfimia Dobrynskii, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elvire d_Antioche
			spawn_character jerusalem Elvire d_Antioche, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Elvire d_Antioche" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire d_Antioche" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire d_Antioche" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire d_Antioche" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvire d_Antioche, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alix Gaudin
			spawn_character jerusalem Alix Gaudin, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Alix Gaudin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix Gaudin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix Gaudin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix Gaudin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alix Gaudin, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cecilia Rorgon
			spawn_character jerusalem Cecilia Rorgon, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Rorgon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Rorgon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Rorgon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Rorgon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecilia Rorgon, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fresende de_Briey
			spawn_character jerusalem Fresende de_Briey, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Fresende de_Briey" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fresende de_Briey" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fresende de_Briey" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fresende de_Briey" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fresende de_Briey, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Leon = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter leon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Borena Mxeidze
			spawn_character georgia Borena Mxeidze, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Borena Mxeidze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Mxeidze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Mxeidze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Mxeidze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Borena Mxeidze, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamar Gurkleli
			spawn_character georgia Tamar Gurkleli, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Gurkleli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Gurkleli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Gurkleli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Gurkleli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamar Gurkleli, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eka Tuxareli
			spawn_character georgia Eka Tuxareli, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Eka Tuxareli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eka Tuxareli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eka Tuxareli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eka Tuxareli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eka Tuxareli, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Babale Xornabujeli
			spawn_character georgia Babale Xornabujeli, princess, age 19, x 37, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Babale Xornabujeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Xornabujeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Xornabujeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Xornabujeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Babale Xornabujeli, 37,152
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter leon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter leon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Leon_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Lisbon
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Philippa Frangopoulos
			spawn_character byzantium Philippa Frangopoulos, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Frangopoulos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Frangopoulos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Frangopoulos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Frangopoulos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Philippa Frangopoulos, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Irene_I Isakiotes
			spawn_character byzantium Irene_I Isakiotes, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Isakiotes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Isakiotes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Isakiotes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Isakiotes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irene_I Isakiotes, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Euphrosyne Ligeros
			spawn_character byzantium Euphrosyne Ligeros, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Euphrosyne Ligeros" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphrosyne Ligeros" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphrosyne Ligeros" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphrosyne Ligeros" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Euphrosyne Ligeros, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ioanna Vatatzes
			spawn_character byzantium Ioanna Vatatzes, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Vatatzes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Vatatzes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Vatatzes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Vatatzes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ioanna Vatatzes, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Adela of_Bedford
			spawn_character england Adela of_Bedford, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Adela of_Bedford" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adela of_Bedford" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adela of_Bedford" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adela of_Bedford" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adela of_Bedford, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elizabeth Langley
			spawn_character england Elizabeth Langley, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Elizabeth Langley" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elizabeth Langley" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elizabeth Langley" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elizabeth Langley" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elizabeth Langley, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Estrelda Redway
			spawn_character england Estrelda Redway, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Estrelda Redway" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrelda Redway" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrelda Redway" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Estrelda Redway" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Estrelda Redway, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Malina of_Cumberland
			spawn_character england Malina of_Cumberland, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Malina of_Cumberland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina of_Cumberland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina of_Cumberland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina of_Cumberland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Malina of_Cumberland, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mairghreid mac_Sithig
			spawn_character scotland Mairghreid mac_Sithig, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Sithig" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Sithig" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Sithig" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Sithig" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mairghreid mac_Sithig, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marsaili mac_Finguni
			spawn_character scotland Marsaili mac_Finguni, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Marsaili mac_Finguni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marsaili mac_Finguni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marsaili mac_Finguni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marsaili mac_Finguni" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marsaili mac_Finguni, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ealasaid mac_Amlaib
			spawn_character scotland Ealasaid mac_Amlaib, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Amlaib" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Amlaib" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Amlaib" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Amlaib" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ealasaid mac_Amlaib, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gormlaith mac_Duib
			spawn_character scotland Gormlaith mac_Duib, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Gormlaith mac_Duib" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gormlaith mac_Duib" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gormlaith mac_Duib" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gormlaith mac_Duib" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gormlaith mac_Duib, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Judith Raabe
			spawn_character hre Judith Raabe, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Judith Raabe" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Raabe" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Raabe" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Raabe" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judith Raabe, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helena Uttenheim
			spawn_character hre Helena Uttenheim, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Helena Uttenheim" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Uttenheim" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Uttenheim" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Uttenheim" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena Uttenheim, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gerdrud Luther
			spawn_character hre Gerdrud Luther, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Gerdrud Luther" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerdrud Luther" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerdrud Luther" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerdrud Luther" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gerdrud Luther, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Irmgard von_Hohenzollern
			spawn_character hre Irmgard von_Hohenzollern, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Irmgard von_Hohenzollern" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmgard von_Hohenzollern" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmgard von_Hohenzollern" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmgard von_Hohenzollern" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irmgard von_Hohenzollern, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Marguerite de_Saint_Michel
			spawn_character france Marguerite de_Saint_Michel, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Marguerite de_Saint_Michel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marguerite de_Saint_Michel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marguerite de_Saint_Michel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marguerite de_Saint_Michel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marguerite de_Saint_Michel, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giselle Courteheuse
			spawn_character france Giselle Courteheuse, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Giselle Courteheuse" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle Courteheuse" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle Courteheuse" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle Courteheuse" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giselle Courteheuse, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Clemence Taillebois
			spawn_character france Clemence Taillebois, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Clemence Taillebois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Clemence Taillebois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Clemence Taillebois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Clemence Taillebois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Clemence Taillebois, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Claire Flambard
			spawn_character france Claire Flambard, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Claire Flambard" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Claire Flambard" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Claire Flambard" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Claire Flambard" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Claire Flambard, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Asta af_Hee
			spawn_character denmark Asta af_Hee, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Asta af_Hee" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Asta af_Hee" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Asta af_Hee" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Asta af_Hee" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Asta af_Hee, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marie Esbensen
			spawn_character denmark Marie Esbensen, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Marie Esbensen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Esbensen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Esbensen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Esbensen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marie Esbensen, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ulvhild af_Roager
			spawn_character denmark Ulvhild af_Roager, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ulvhild af_Roager" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulvhild af_Roager" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulvhild af_Roager" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulvhild af_Roager" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ulvhild af_Roager, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brynhilde Bille
			spawn_character denmark Brynhilde Bille, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Brynhilde Bille" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brynhilde Bille" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brynhilde Bille" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brynhilde Bille" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brynhilde Bille, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Sara Guthormsen
			spawn_character norway Sara Guthormsen, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Sara Guthormsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sara Guthormsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sara Guthormsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sara Guthormsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sara Guthormsen, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kari Mikkelsen
			spawn_character norway Kari Mikkelsen, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Kari Mikkelsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kari Mikkelsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kari Mikkelsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kari Mikkelsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kari Mikkelsen, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sandra av_Porsgrunn
			spawn_character norway Sandra av_Porsgrunn, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Sandra av_Porsgrunn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sandra av_Porsgrunn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sandra av_Porsgrunn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sandra av_Porsgrunn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sandra av_Porsgrunn, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Asta Kristoffersen
			spawn_character norway Asta Kristoffersen, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Asta Kristoffersen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Asta Kristoffersen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Asta Kristoffersen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Asta Kristoffersen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Asta Kristoffersen, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gracia Silva
			spawn_character spain Gracia Silva, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Gracia Silva" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia Silva" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia Silva" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia Silva" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gracia Silva, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aldara Refollos
			spawn_character spain Aldara Refollos, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Aldara Refollos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldara Refollos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldara Refollos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldara Refollos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldara Refollos, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Merced de_Rueda
			spawn_character spain Merced de_Rueda, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Rueda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Rueda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Rueda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Rueda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Merced de_Rueda, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Filomena Vizcaino
			spawn_character spain Filomena Vizcaino, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Filomena Vizcaino" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Filomena Vizcaino" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Filomena Vizcaino" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Filomena Vizcaino" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Filomena Vizcaino, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Margarida d_Aranda
			spawn_character aragon Margarida d_Aranda, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Margarida d_Aranda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarida d_Aranda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarida d_Aranda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarida d_Aranda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margarida d_Aranda, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatriu Mur
			spawn_character aragon Beatriu Mur, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Beatriu Mur" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriu Mur" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriu Mur" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriu Mur" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatriu Mur, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bri#gida Gisbert
			spawn_character aragon Bri#gida Gisbert, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Bri#gida Gisbert" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bri#gida Gisbert" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bri#gida Gisbert" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bri#gida Gisbert" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bri#gida Gisbert, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Orosia Ramondet
			spawn_character aragon Orosia Ramondet, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Ramondet" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Ramondet" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Ramondet" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Ramondet" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orosia Ramondet, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Joana Lemos
			spawn_character portugal Joana Lemos, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Joana Lemos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana Lemos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana Lemos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana Lemos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joana Lemos, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catarina Barros
			spawn_character portugal Catarina Barros, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Barros" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Barros" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Barros" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Barros" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catarina Barros, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francisca Viviaes
			spawn_character portugal Francisca Viviaes, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Viviaes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Viviaes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Viviaes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Viviaes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francisca Viviaes, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ouroana Ramalho
			spawn_character portugal Ouroana Ramalho, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ouroana Ramalho" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ouroana Ramalho" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ouroana Ramalho" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ouroana Ramalho" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ouroana Ramalho, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agnese Orseolo
			spawn_character venice Agnese Orseolo, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Agnese Orseolo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnese Orseolo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnese Orseolo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnese Orseolo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnese Orseolo, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bianca da_Pola
			spawn_character venice Bianca da_Pola, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Bianca da_Pola" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca da_Pola" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca da_Pola" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca da_Pola" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bianca da_Pola, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Penina da_Porto
			spawn_character venice Penina da_Porto, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Penina da_Porto" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina da_Porto" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina da_Porto" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina da_Porto" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Penina da_Porto, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zaneta da_Ragusa
			spawn_character venice Zaneta da_Ragusa, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Zaneta da_Ragusa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zaneta da_Ragusa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zaneta da_Ragusa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zaneta da_Ragusa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zaneta da_Ragusa, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Claudia de_Marini
			spawn_character milan Claudia de_Marini, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Claudia de_Marini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Claudia de_Marini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Claudia de_Marini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Claudia de_Marini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Claudia de_Marini, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosa di_Livio
			spawn_character milan Rosa di_Livio, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Livio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Livio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Livio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Livio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosa di_Livio, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gianetta Grimaldi
			spawn_character milan Gianetta Grimaldi, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Gianetta Grimaldi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gianetta Grimaldi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gianetta Grimaldi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gianetta Grimaldi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gianetta Grimaldi, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Annetta di_Chiavari
			spawn_character milan Annetta di_Chiavari, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Annetta di_Chiavari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta di_Chiavari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta di_Chiavari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta di_Chiavari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Annetta di_Chiavari, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Virginia Saglinpepe
			spawn_character sicily Virginia Saglinpepe, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Virginia Saglinpepe" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia Saglinpepe" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia Saglinpepe" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia Saglinpepe" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Virginia Saglinpepe, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ireni+I di_Ottaviano
			spawn_character sicily Ireni+I di_Ottaviano, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ireni+I di_Ottaviano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ireni+I di_Ottaviano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ireni+I di_Ottaviano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ireni+I di_Ottaviano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ireni+I di_Ottaviano, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Viviana Filangieri
			spawn_character sicily Viviana Filangieri, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Viviana Filangieri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Viviana Filangieri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Viviana Filangieri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Viviana Filangieri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Viviana Filangieri, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosa di_Apulia
			spawn_character sicily Rosa di_Apulia, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Apulia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Apulia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Apulia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa di_Apulia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosa di_Apulia, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Jolanta Solymosi
			spawn_character hungary Jolanta Solymosi, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Solymosi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Solymosi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Solymosi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Solymosi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jolanta Solymosi, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luca Kinizsi
			spawn_character hungary Luca Kinizsi, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Luca Kinizsi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Kinizsi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Kinizsi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Kinizsi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luca Kinizsi, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Piroska Jakab
			spawn_character hungary Piroska Jakab, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Jakab" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Jakab" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Jakab" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Jakab" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Piroska Jakab, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adelhaid Forgach
			spawn_character hungary Adelhaid Forgach, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Forgach" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Forgach" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Forgach" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Forgach" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelhaid Forgach, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ryksa z_Targowa
			spawn_character poland Ryksa z_Targowa, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa z_Targowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa z_Targowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa z_Targowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa z_Targowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ryksa z_Targowa, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Swietoslawa Dabrowski
			spawn_character poland Swietoslawa Dabrowski, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Dabrowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Dabrowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Dabrowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Dabrowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Swietoslawa Dabrowski, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bozena Baranowski
			spawn_character poland Bozena Baranowski, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Bozena Baranowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bozena Baranowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bozena Baranowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bozena Baranowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bozena Baranowski, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dzieslawa z_Grodziska
			spawn_character poland Dzieslawa z_Grodziska, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa z_Grodziska" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa z_Grodziska" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa z_Grodziska" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa z_Grodziska" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dzieslawa z_Grodziska, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Helena Oporowski
			spawn_character lithuania Helena Oporowski, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Helena Oporowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Oporowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Oporowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Oporowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena Oporowski, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Norgaile Firlej
			spawn_character lithuania Norgaile Firlej, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile Firlej" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile Firlej" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile Firlej" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile Firlej" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Norgaile Firlej, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vaida z_Kozichglow
			spawn_character lithuania Vaida z_Kozichglow, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Kozichglow" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Kozichglow" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Kozichglow" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Kozichglow" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vaida z_Kozichglow, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Swietoslawa Zawada
			spawn_character lithuania Swietoslawa Zawada, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Zawada" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Zawada" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Zawada" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Zawada" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Swietoslawa Zawada, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Evfrosinia Miloslavov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Evfrosinia Miloslavov, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Miloslavov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Miloslavov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Miloslavov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Miloslavov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evfrosinia Miloslavov, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ksenia Yaroslavich
			spawn_character kievan_rus Ksenia Yaroslavich, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Yaroslavich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Yaroslavich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Yaroslavich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Yaroslavich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ksenia Yaroslavich, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Verchoslava Obrazets
			spawn_character kievan_rus Verchoslava Obrazets, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Verchoslava Obrazets" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Verchoslava Obrazets" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Verchoslava Obrazets" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Verchoslava Obrazets" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Verchoslava Obrazets, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agnia Polotskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Agnia Polotskii, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Agnia Polotskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnia Polotskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnia Polotskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnia Polotskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnia Polotskii, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Zbyslava Dorogobuzhskii
			spawn_character russia Zbyslava Dorogobuzhskii, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Dorogobuzhskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Dorogobuzhskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Dorogobuzhskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Dorogobuzhskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zbyslava Dorogobuzhskii, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ekaterina Kolychev
			spawn_character russia Ekaterina Kolychev, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Kolychev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Kolychev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Kolychev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Kolychev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ekaterina Kolychev, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria Lyubechskii
			spawn_character russia Maria Lyubechskii, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Maria Lyubechskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Lyubechskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Lyubechskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Lyubechskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria Lyubechskii, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Daria Smirnoi
			spawn_character russia Daria Smirnoi, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Daria Smirnoi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Daria Smirnoi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Daria Smirnoi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Daria Smirnoi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Daria Smirnoi, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Jeanne de_Zehringen
			spawn_character jerusalem Jeanne de_Zehringen, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Zehringen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Zehringen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Zehringen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Zehringen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jeanne de_Zehringen, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elvire de_Saxe
			spawn_character jerusalem Elvire de_Saxe, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Saxe" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Saxe" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Saxe" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Saxe" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvire de_Saxe, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabelle de_Cerdagne
			spawn_character jerusalem Isabelle de_Cerdagne, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Cerdagne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Cerdagne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Cerdagne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Cerdagne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabelle de_Cerdagne, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Be#atrice Brus
			spawn_character jerusalem Be#atrice Brus, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice Brus" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice Brus" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice Brus" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice Brus" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Be#atrice Brus, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Lisbon = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Tekla Gurieli
			spawn_character georgia Tekla Gurieli, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Tekla Gurieli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tekla Gurieli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tekla Gurieli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tekla Gurieli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tekla Gurieli, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ana Gageli
			spawn_character georgia Ana Gageli, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Ana Gageli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Gageli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Gageli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Gageli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ana Gageli, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sidonia Tianeli
			spawn_character georgia Sidonia Tianeli, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Tianeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Tianeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Tianeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Tianeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sidonia Tianeli, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dali Setieli
			spawn_character georgia Dali Setieli, princess, age 19, x 13, y 127
			console_command give_trait "Dali Setieli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Setieli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Setieli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Setieli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dali Setieli, 13,126
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter lisbon_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter lisbon_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Lisbon_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Naples
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Prokopia Roslinos
			spawn_character byzantium Prokopia Roslinos, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Prokopia Roslinos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Prokopia Roslinos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Prokopia Roslinos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Prokopia Roslinos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Prokopia Roslinos, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kristina Sgouros
			spawn_character byzantium Kristina Sgouros, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Sgouros" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Sgouros" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Sgouros" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Sgouros" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kristina Sgouros, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Konstantina Radenos
			spawn_character byzantium Konstantina Radenos, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Konstantina Radenos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantina Radenos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantina Radenos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantina Radenos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Konstantina Radenos, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adriana Theophanes
			spawn_character byzantium Adriana Theophanes, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Theophanes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Theophanes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Theophanes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Theophanes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adriana Theophanes, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cecilia Austyn
			spawn_character england Cecilia Austyn, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Austyn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Austyn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Austyn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Austyn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecilia Austyn, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joan de_Botreaux
			spawn_character england Joan de_Botreaux, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Joan de_Botreaux" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan de_Botreaux" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan de_Botreaux" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan de_Botreaux" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joan de_Botreaux, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margery Yowlle
			spawn_character england Margery Yowlle, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Margery Yowlle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margery Yowlle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margery Yowlle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margery Yowlle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margery Yowlle, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mary of_Kingsbrigge
			spawn_character england Mary of_Kingsbrigge, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Mary of_Kingsbrigge" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mary of_Kingsbrigge" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mary of_Kingsbrigge" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mary of_Kingsbrigge" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mary of_Kingsbrigge, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mairi mac_Cathail
			spawn_character scotland Mairi mac_Cathail, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Mairi mac_Cathail" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairi mac_Cathail" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairi mac_Cathail" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairi mac_Cathail" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mairi mac_Cathail, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Caitriona mac_Mail_Muire
			spawn_character scotland Caitriona mac_Mail_Muire, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Mail_Muire" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Mail_Muire" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Mail_Muire" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Mail_Muire" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Caitriona mac_Mail_Muire, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ermengarde mac_Somairle
			spawn_character scotland Ermengarde mac_Somairle, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde mac_Somairle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde mac_Somairle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde mac_Somairle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde mac_Somairle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ermengarde mac_Somairle, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Raghnaid mac_Nechtain
			spawn_character scotland Raghnaid mac_Nechtain, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Nechtain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Nechtain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Nechtain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Nechtain" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raghnaid mac_Nechtain, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Konstanze von_Bingen
			spawn_character hre Konstanze von_Bingen, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Konstanze von_Bingen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstanze von_Bingen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstanze von_Bingen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstanze von_Bingen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Konstanze von_Bingen, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dorothea Vietinghof
			spawn_character hre Dorothea Vietinghof, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Dorothea Vietinghof" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothea Vietinghof" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothea Vietinghof" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorothea Vietinghof" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dorothea Vietinghof, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beth Neumann
			spawn_character hre Beth Neumann, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Beth Neumann" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beth Neumann" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beth Neumann" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beth Neumann" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beth Neumann, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elisabeth von_Sizilien
			spawn_character hre Elisabeth von_Sizilien, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth von_Sizilien" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth von_Sizilien" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth von_Sizilien" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth von_Sizilien" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisabeth von_Sizilien, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cecile Grisegonelle
			spawn_character france Cecile Grisegonelle, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Cecile Grisegonelle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile Grisegonelle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile Grisegonelle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile Grisegonelle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecile Grisegonelle, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eustachie Berenger
			spawn_character france Eustachie Berenger, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Eustachie Berenger" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eustachie Berenger" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eustachie Berenger" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eustachie Berenger" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eustachie Berenger, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jaquelinne Alziari
			spawn_character france Jaquelinne Alziari, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne Alziari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne Alziari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne Alziari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne Alziari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jaquelinne Alziari, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marion Crespin
			spawn_character france Marion Crespin, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Marion Crespin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion Crespin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion Crespin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion Crespin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marion Crespin, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Solvej Gyldenstjerne
			spawn_character denmark Solvej Gyldenstjerne, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Solvej Gyldenstjerne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Solvej Gyldenstjerne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Solvej Gyldenstjerne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Solvej Gyldenstjerne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Solvej Gyldenstjerne, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Birgit Tygesen
			spawn_character denmark Birgit Tygesen, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Birgit Tygesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Birgit Tygesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Birgit Tygesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Birgit Tygesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Birgit Tygesen, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gunna af_Malling
			spawn_character denmark Gunna af_Malling, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Gunna af_Malling" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunna af_Malling" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunna af_Malling" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunna af_Malling" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gunna af_Malling, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gudrun Marsvin
			spawn_character denmark Gudrun Marsvin, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Marsvin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Marsvin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Marsvin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Marsvin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gudrun Marsvin, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Line Gustavsen
			spawn_character norway Line Gustavsen, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Line Gustavsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Line Gustavsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Line Gustavsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Line Gustavsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Line Gustavsen, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Henriette Teiste
			spawn_character norway Henriette Teiste, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Henriette Teiste" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Henriette Teiste" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Henriette Teiste" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Henriette Teiste" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Henriette Teiste, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jutta av_Kongsberg
			spawn_character norway Jutta av_Kongsberg, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Jutta av_Kongsberg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta av_Kongsberg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta av_Kongsberg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta av_Kongsberg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jutta av_Kongsberg, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Liv av_Trondheim
			spawn_character norway Liv av_Trondheim, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Liv av_Trondheim" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Liv av_Trondheim" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Liv av_Trondheim" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Liv av_Trondheim" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Liv av_Trondheim, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Encarnacion de_Robredo
			spawn_character spain Encarnacion de_Robredo, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Encarnacion de_Robredo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Encarnacion de_Robredo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Encarnacion de_Robredo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Encarnacion de_Robredo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Encarnacion de_Robredo, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatriz de_Cabra
			spawn_character spain Beatriz de_Cabra, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz de_Cabra" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz de_Cabra" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz de_Cabra" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz de_Cabra" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatriz de_Cabra, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marina Artieta
			spawn_character spain Marina Artieta, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Marina Artieta" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marina Artieta" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marina Artieta" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marina Artieta" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marina Artieta, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bartolomeba Aguado
			spawn_character spain Bartolomeba Aguado, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Bartolomeba Aguado" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartolomeba Aguado" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartolomeba Aguado" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartolomeba Aguado" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bartolomeba Aguado, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elisabet Blasco
			spawn_character aragon Elisabet Blasco, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Elisabet Blasco" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabet Blasco" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabet Blasco" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabet Blasco" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisabet Blasco, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francina de_Lanaja
			spawn_character aragon Francina de_Lanaja, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Francina de_Lanaja" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina de_Lanaja" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina de_Lanaja" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina de_Lanaja" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francina de_Lanaja, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ines d_Abargues
			spawn_character aragon Ines d_Abargues, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Ines d_Abargues" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines d_Abargues" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines d_Abargues" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines d_Abargues" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ines d_Abargues, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Segimona Muntaner
			spawn_character aragon Segimona Muntaner, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Segimona Muntaner" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Segimona Muntaner" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Segimona Muntaner" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Segimona Muntaner" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Segimona Muntaner, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Joana de_Abreu
			spawn_character portugal Joana de_Abreu, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Joana de_Abreu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana de_Abreu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana de_Abreu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana de_Abreu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joana de_Abreu, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ester Teles
			spawn_character portugal Ester Teles, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Ester Teles" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ester Teles" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ester Teles" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ester Teles" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ester Teles, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vera de_Vinhal
			spawn_character portugal Vera de_Vinhal, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Vera de_Vinhal" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera de_Vinhal" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera de_Vinhal" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera de_Vinhal" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vera de_Vinhal, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anto#nia Raposo
			spawn_character portugal Anto#nia Raposo, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Anto#nia Raposo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anto#nia Raposo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anto#nia Raposo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anto#nia Raposo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anto#nia Raposo, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Florenza da_Milano
			spawn_character venice Florenza da_Milano, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Florenza da_Milano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Florenza da_Milano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Florenza da_Milano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Florenza da_Milano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Florenza da_Milano, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maddalena Vitturi
			spawn_character venice Maddalena Vitturi, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Maddalena Vitturi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maddalena Vitturi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maddalena Vitturi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maddalena Vitturi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maddalena Vitturi, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bianca Caloprini
			spawn_character venice Bianca Caloprini, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Bianca Caloprini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca Caloprini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca Caloprini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca Caloprini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bianca Caloprini, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Florentia Correr
			spawn_character venice Florentia Correr, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Florentia Correr" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Florentia Correr" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Florentia Correr" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Florentia Correr" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Florentia Correr, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Pasqua Piaggio
			spawn_character milan Pasqua Piaggio, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Pasqua Piaggio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqua Piaggio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqua Piaggio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqua Piaggio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pasqua Piaggio, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lisa Antonioli
			spawn_character milan Lisa Antonioli, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Lisa Antonioli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisa Antonioli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisa Antonioli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisa Antonioli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lisa Antonioli, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nezetta Polo
			spawn_character milan Nezetta Polo, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Nezetta Polo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nezetta Polo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nezetta Polo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nezetta Polo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nezetta Polo, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giorgia da_Siena
			spawn_character milan Giorgia da_Siena, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Giorgia da_Siena" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giorgia da_Siena" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giorgia da_Siena" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giorgia da_Siena" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giorgia da_Siena, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Judith di_Toritto
			spawn_character sicily Judith di_Toritto, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Judith di_Toritto" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith di_Toritto" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith di_Toritto" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith di_Toritto" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judith di_Toritto, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Liliana di_Monopoli
			spawn_character sicily Liliana di_Monopoli, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Liliana di_Monopoli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Liliana di_Monopoli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Liliana di_Monopoli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Liliana di_Monopoli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Liliana di_Monopoli, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maddalena di_Calatrasi
			spawn_character sicily Maddalena di_Calatrasi, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Maddalena di_Calatrasi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maddalena di_Calatrasi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maddalena di_Calatrasi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maddalena di_Calatrasi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maddalena di_Calatrasi, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Paula di_Troina
			spawn_character sicily Paula di_Troina, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Paula di_Troina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Paula di_Troina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Paula di_Troina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Paula di_Troina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Paula di_Troina, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Kinga Vandi
			spawn_character hungary Kinga Vandi, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Kinga Vandi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kinga Vandi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kinga Vandi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kinga Vandi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kinga Vandi, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Magdolna Valkovari
			spawn_character hungary Magdolna Valkovari, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Magdolna Valkovari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdolna Valkovari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdolna Valkovari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdolna Valkovari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magdolna Valkovari, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Predslava Subics
			spawn_character hungary Predslava Subics, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Subics" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Subics" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Subics" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Subics" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Predslava Subics, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gertrud Brankovics
			spawn_character hungary Gertrud Brankovics, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Gertrud Brankovics" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertrud Brankovics" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertrud Brankovics" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertrud Brankovics" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gertrud Brankovics, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agnieszka Pawlowski
			spawn_character poland Agnieszka Pawlowski, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka Pawlowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka Pawlowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka Pawlowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnieszka Pawlowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnieszka Pawlowski, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rycheza z_Osiecznej
			spawn_character poland Rycheza z_Osiecznej, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Rycheza z_Osiecznej" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rycheza z_Osiecznej" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rycheza z_Osiecznej" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rycheza z_Osiecznej" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rycheza z_Osiecznej, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zbyslawa Bobrzycki
			spawn_character poland Zbyslawa Bobrzycki, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Bobrzycki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Bobrzycki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Bobrzycki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Bobrzycki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zbyslawa Bobrzycki, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Janczyslawa z_Teczyna
			spawn_character poland Janczyslawa z_Teczyna, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa z_Teczyna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa z_Teczyna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa z_Teczyna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa z_Teczyna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Janczyslawa z_Teczyna, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dzieslawa Siedlik
			spawn_character lithuania Dzieslawa Siedlik, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa Siedlik" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa Siedlik" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa Siedlik" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa Siedlik" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dzieslawa Siedlik, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anastazja z_Turowa
			spawn_character lithuania Anastazja z_Turowa, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Anastazja z_Turowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastazja z_Turowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastazja z_Turowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastazja z_Turowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anastazja z_Turowa, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kazimiera Chelmski
			spawn_character lithuania Kazimiera Chelmski, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Chelmski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Chelmski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Chelmski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Chelmski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kazimiera Chelmski, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lubomira Bobrzycki
			spawn_character lithuania Lubomira Bobrzycki, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira Bobrzycki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira Bobrzycki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira Bobrzycki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira Bobrzycki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lubomira Bobrzycki, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Iuliania Tucha
			spawn_character kievan_rus Iuliania Tucha, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Tucha" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Tucha" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Tucha" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Tucha" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Iuliania Tucha, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Glikeria Likharev
			spawn_character kievan_rus Glikeria Likharev, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Likharev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Likharev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Likharev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Likharev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Glikeria Likharev, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatiana Brenok
			spawn_character kievan_rus Tatiana Brenok, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Brenok" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Brenok" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Brenok" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Brenok" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatiana Brenok, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria Ostey
			spawn_character kievan_rus Maria Ostey, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Maria Ostey" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Ostey" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Ostey" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Ostey" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria Ostey, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Evpraksia Turena
			spawn_character russia Evpraksia Turena, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Turena" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Turena" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Turena" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Turena" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evpraksia Turena, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anastasia Buturlin
			spawn_character russia Anastasia Buturlin, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Buturlin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Buturlin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Buturlin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Buturlin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anastasia Buturlin, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ksenia Glebov
			spawn_character russia Ksenia Glebov, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Glebov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Glebov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Glebov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Glebov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ksenia Glebov, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena Kolychev
			spawn_character russia Elena Kolychev, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kolychev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kolychev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kolychev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kolychev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena Kolychev, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nicole de_Roye
			spawn_character jerusalem Nicole de_Roye, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Nicole de_Roye" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole de_Roye" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole de_Roye" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole de_Roye" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicole de_Roye, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sibylle de_Sevrey
			spawn_character jerusalem Sibylle de_Sevrey, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Sevrey" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Sevrey" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Sevrey" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Sevrey" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sibylle de_Sevrey, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Orgueilleuse de_Balben
			spawn_character jerusalem Orgueilleuse de_Balben, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse de_Balben" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse de_Balben" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse de_Balben" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse de_Balben" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orgueilleuse de_Balben, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ida di_Taranto
			spawn_character jerusalem Ida di_Taranto, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Ida di_Taranto" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ida di_Taranto" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ida di_Taranto" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ida di_Taranto" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ida di_Taranto, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Naples = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter naples_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Babale Marushisdze
			spawn_character georgia Babale Marushisdze, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Babale Marushisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Marushisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Marushisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Marushisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Babale Marushisdze, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eter Mesxeli
			spawn_character georgia Eter Mesxeli, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Eter Mesxeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Mesxeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Mesxeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Mesxeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eter Mesxeli, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists RusudanI Kldekareli
			spawn_character georgia RusudanI Kldekareli, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Kldekareli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Kldekareli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Kldekareli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Kldekareli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move RusudanI Kldekareli, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena_I Abuletisdze
			spawn_character georgia Elena_I Abuletisdze, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Elena_I Abuletisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena_I Abuletisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena_I Abuletisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena_I Abuletisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena_I Abuletisdze, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter naples_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter naples_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Naples_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Genoa
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Xenia Spathas
			spawn_character byzantium Xenia Spathas, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Xenia Spathas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Xenia Spathas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Xenia Spathas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Xenia Spathas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Xenia Spathas, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lupicina Iasites
			spawn_character byzantium Lupicina Iasites, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Lupicina Iasites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lupicina Iasites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lupicina Iasites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lupicina Iasites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lupicina Iasites, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria_I Phalkon
			spawn_character byzantium Maria_I Phalkon, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Phalkon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Phalkon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Phalkon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Phalkon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria_I Phalkon, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vasilia Lampinos
			spawn_character byzantium Vasilia Lampinos, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Vasilia Lampinos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilia Lampinos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilia Lampinos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilia Lampinos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vasilia Lampinos, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Alienore Merbury
			spawn_character england Alienore Merbury, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Alienore Merbury" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore Merbury" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore Merbury" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore Merbury" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alienore Merbury, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Blanche Alston
			spawn_character england Blanche Alston, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Blanche Alston" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanche Alston" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanche Alston" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanche Alston" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Blanche Alston, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Malina Gryffyn
			spawn_character england Malina Gryffyn, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Malina Gryffyn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina Gryffyn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina Gryffyn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina Gryffyn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Malina Gryffyn, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sophia Tregaso
			spawn_character england Sophia Tregaso, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Sophia Tregaso" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia Tregaso" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia Tregaso" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia Tregaso" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sophia Tregaso, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Maud mac_Gille_Petair
			spawn_character scotland Maud mac_Gille_Petair, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Gille_Petair" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Gille_Petair" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Gille_Petair" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Gille_Petair" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maud mac_Gille_Petair, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elspeth mac_Sithig
			spawn_character scotland Elspeth mac_Sithig, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Elspeth mac_Sithig" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elspeth mac_Sithig" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elspeth mac_Sithig" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elspeth mac_Sithig" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elspeth mac_Sithig, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adeline mac_Mail_Snechta
			spawn_character scotland Adeline mac_Mail_Snechta, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Mail_Snechta" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Mail_Snechta" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Mail_Snechta" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Mail_Snechta" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adeline mac_Mail_Snechta, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mairead mac_Mail_Choluim
			spawn_character scotland Mairead mac_Mail_Choluim, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Mail_Choluim" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Mail_Choluim" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Mail_Choluim" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Mail_Choluim" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mairead mac_Mail_Choluim, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Irmel Liechtenauer
			spawn_character hre Irmel Liechtenauer, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Irmel Liechtenauer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmel Liechtenauer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmel Liechtenauer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmel Liechtenauer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irmel Liechtenauer, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Allin Schildberger
			spawn_character hre Allin Schildberger, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Allin Schildberger" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Allin Schildberger" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Allin Schildberger" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Allin Schildberger" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Allin Schildberger, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Endlein Steinhowel
			spawn_character hre Endlein Steinhowel, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Endlein Steinhowel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Endlein Steinhowel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Endlein Steinhowel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Endlein Steinhowel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Endlein Steinhowel, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marlein Holhbein
			spawn_character hre Marlein Holhbein, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Marlein Holhbein" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marlein Holhbein" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marlein Holhbein" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marlein Holhbein" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marlein Holhbein, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Azalais de_Provence
			spawn_character france Azalais de_Provence, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Azalais de_Provence" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Azalais de_Provence" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Azalais de_Provence" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Azalais de_Provence" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Azalais de_Provence, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anne de_Savoie
			spawn_character france Anne de_Savoie, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Anne de_Savoie" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne de_Savoie" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne de_Savoie" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne de_Savoie" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anne de_Savoie, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alix de_Moulins
			spawn_character france Alix de_Moulins, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Alix de_Moulins" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix de_Moulins" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix de_Moulins" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix de_Moulins" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alix de_Moulins, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adele de_Blois
			spawn_character france Adele de_Blois, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Blois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Blois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Blois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Blois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adele de_Blois, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Freya Finnsen
			spawn_character denmark Freya Finnsen, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Freya Finnsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Freya Finnsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Freya Finnsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Freya Finnsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Freya Finnsen, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Yrsa af_Fyn
			spawn_character denmark Yrsa af_Fyn, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa af_Fyn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa af_Fyn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa af_Fyn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa af_Fyn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Yrsa af_Fyn, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tove Sunesen
			spawn_character denmark Tove Sunesen, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Tove Sunesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tove Sunesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tove Sunesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tove Sunesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tove Sunesen, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Klara af_Vasterbotten
			spawn_character denmark Klara af_Vasterbotten, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Klara af_Vasterbotten" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Klara af_Vasterbotten" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Klara af_Vasterbotten" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Klara af_Vasterbotten" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Klara af_Vasterbotten, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ase Dyre
			spawn_character norway Ase Dyre, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Ase Dyre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ase Dyre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ase Dyre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ase Dyre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ase Dyre, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Malin Henriksen
			spawn_character norway Malin Henriksen, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Malin Henriksen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Malin Henriksen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Malin Henriksen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Malin Henriksen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Malin Henriksen, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Inge av_Skien
			spawn_character norway Inge av_Skien, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Inge av_Skien" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Inge av_Skien" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Inge av_Skien" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Inge av_Skien" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Inge av_Skien, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rannveig Brockenhus
			spawn_character norway Rannveig Brockenhus, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Rannveig Brockenhus" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rannveig Brockenhus" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rannveig Brockenhus" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rannveig Brockenhus" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rannveig Brockenhus, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agustina de_Hervas
			spawn_character spain Agustina de_Hervas, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Agustina de_Hervas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agustina de_Hervas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agustina de_Hervas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agustina de_Hervas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agustina de_Hervas, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aldonza Aldonza
			spawn_character spain Aldonza Aldonza, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza Aldonza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza Aldonza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza Aldonza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza Aldonza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldonza Aldonza, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Olalla de_Torreblanca
			spawn_character spain Olalla de_Torreblanca, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Olalla de_Torreblanca" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olalla de_Torreblanca" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olalla de_Torreblanca" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olalla de_Torreblanca" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olalla de_Torreblanca, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Merced Soto
			spawn_character spain Merced Soto, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Merced Soto" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced Soto" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced Soto" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced Soto" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Merced Soto, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Raimunda d_Alagon
			spawn_character aragon Raimunda d_Alagon, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda d_Alagon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda d_Alagon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda d_Alagon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda d_Alagon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raimunda d_Alagon, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ermessenda del_Rossello
			spawn_character aragon Ermessenda del_Rossello, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda del_Rossello" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda del_Rossello" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda del_Rossello" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda del_Rossello" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ermessenda del_Rossello, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Guallente Amigo
			spawn_character aragon Guallente Amigo, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Amigo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Amigo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Amigo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Amigo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guallente Amigo, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sancha Colomer
			spawn_character aragon Sancha Colomer, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Colomer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Colomer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Colomer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Colomer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sancha Colomer, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Beatriz Bandeira
			spawn_character portugal Beatriz Bandeira, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Bandeira" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Bandeira" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Bandeira" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Bandeira" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatriz Bandeira, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Filipa de_Seabra
			spawn_character portugal Filipa de_Seabra, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Filipa de_Seabra" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa de_Seabra" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa de_Seabra" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa de_Seabra" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Filipa de_Seabra, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ine#s Simoes
			spawn_character portugal Ine#s Simoes, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Ine#s Simoes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ine#s Simoes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ine#s Simoes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ine#s Simoes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ine#s Simoes, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Celeste de_Borges
			spawn_character portugal Celeste de_Borges, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Celeste de_Borges" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste de_Borges" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste de_Borges" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste de_Borges" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Celeste de_Borges, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agneta Quintavalle
			spawn_character venice Agneta Quintavalle, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Quintavalle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Quintavalle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Quintavalle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agneta Quintavalle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agneta Quintavalle, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giovanna Sforza
			spawn_character venice Giovanna Sforza, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Giovanna Sforza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giovanna Sforza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giovanna Sforza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giovanna Sforza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giovanna Sforza, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adriana Grissani
			spawn_character venice Adriana Grissani, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Grissani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Grissani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Grissani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Grissani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adriana Grissani, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margherita Correr
			spawn_character venice Margherita Correr, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Correr" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Correr" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Correr" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Correr" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margherita Correr, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Bona di_Tella
			spawn_character milan Bona di_Tella, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Bona di_Tella" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona di_Tella" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona di_Tella" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bona di_Tella" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bona di_Tella, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maia di_Livio
			spawn_character milan Maia di_Livio, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Maia di_Livio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maia di_Livio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maia di_Livio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maia di_Livio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maia di_Livio, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cristina Matarrese
			spawn_character milan Cristina Matarrese, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Matarrese" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Matarrese" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Matarrese" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Matarrese" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristina Matarrese, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jacopa di_Spina
			spawn_character milan Jacopa di_Spina, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Jacopa di_Spina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacopa di_Spina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacopa di_Spina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacopa di_Spina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jacopa di_Spina, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Pulchera Balsamo
			spawn_character sicily Pulchera Balsamo, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera Balsamo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera Balsamo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera Balsamo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera Balsamo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pulchera Balsamo, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marianna di_Bitonto
			spawn_character sicily Marianna di_Bitonto, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Marianna di_Bitonto" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marianna di_Bitonto" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marianna di_Bitonto" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marianna di_Bitonto" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marianna di_Bitonto, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cristina di_Misilmeri
			spawn_character sicily Cristina di_Misilmeri, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Misilmeri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Misilmeri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Misilmeri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Misilmeri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristina di_Misilmeri, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Delia di_Ajello
			spawn_character sicily Delia di_Ajello, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Delia di_Ajello" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Delia di_Ajello" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Delia di_Ajello" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Delia di_Ajello" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Delia di_Ajello, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anna_Maria Tot
			spawn_character hungary Anna_Maria Tot, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Anna_Maria Tot" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_Maria Tot" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_Maria Tot" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_Maria Tot" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna_Maria Tot, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Barbara Atyusz
			spawn_character hungary Barbara Atyusz, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Atyusz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Atyusz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Atyusz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Atyusz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Barbara Atyusz, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adelhaid Korpadi
			spawn_character hungary Adelhaid Korpadi, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Korpadi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Korpadi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Korpadi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Korpadi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelhaid Korpadi, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dora Hontpazman
			spawn_character hungary Dora Hontpazman, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Dora Hontpazman" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dora Hontpazman" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dora Hontpazman" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dora Hontpazman" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dora Hontpazman, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Imislawa z_Tczewa
			spawn_character poland Imislawa z_Tczewa, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa z_Tczewa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa z_Tczewa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa z_Tczewa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa z_Tczewa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Imislawa z_Tczewa, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adelajda Odoniec
			spawn_character poland Adelajda Odoniec, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Odoniec" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Odoniec" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Odoniec" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Odoniec" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelajda Odoniec, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jagoda Sapieha
			spawn_character poland Jagoda Sapieha, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Jagoda Sapieha" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jagoda Sapieha" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jagoda Sapieha" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jagoda Sapieha" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jagoda Sapieha, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gorka z_Moskorzowa
			spawn_character poland Gorka z_Moskorzowa, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Gorka z_Moskorzowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorka z_Moskorzowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorka z_Moskorzowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorka z_Moskorzowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gorka z_Moskorzowa, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Danguole Szafraniec
			spawn_character lithuania Danguole Szafraniec, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Danguole Szafraniec" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Danguole Szafraniec" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Danguole Szafraniec" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Danguole Szafraniec" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Danguole Szafraniec, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Urszula z_Osiecznej
			spawn_character lithuania Urszula z_Osiecznej, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Osiecznej" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Osiecznej" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Osiecznej" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Osiecznej" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Urszula z_Osiecznej, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aiste z_Targowa
			spawn_character lithuania Aiste z_Targowa, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Aiste z_Targowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aiste z_Targowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aiste z_Targowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aiste z_Targowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aiste z_Targowa, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Konstancja z_Michalowa
			spawn_character lithuania Konstancja z_Michalowa, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja z_Michalowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja z_Michalowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja z_Michalowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja z_Michalowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Konstancja z_Michalowa, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Feofania Basenok
			spawn_character kievan_rus Feofania Basenok, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Basenok" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Basenok" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Basenok" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Basenok" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feofania Basenok, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Radogneva Dei
			spawn_character kievan_rus Radogneva Dei, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Dei" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Dei" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Dei" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Dei" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Radogneva Dei, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natalia Miloslavov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Natalia Miloslavov, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Miloslavov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Miloslavov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Miloslavov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Miloslavov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Miloslavov, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sbyslava Pinskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Sbyslava Pinskii, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Sbyslava Pinskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sbyslava Pinskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sbyslava Pinskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sbyslava Pinskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sbyslava Pinskii, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Feodosia Pinskii
			spawn_character russia Feodosia Pinskii, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Pinskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Pinskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Pinskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Pinskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feodosia Pinskii, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vysheslava Novgorod_Severskii
			spawn_character russia Vysheslava Novgorod_Severskii, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Novgorod_Severskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Novgorod_Severskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Novgorod_Severskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Novgorod_Severskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vysheslava Novgorod_Severskii, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria Shein
			spawn_character russia Maria Shein, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Maria Shein" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Shein" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Shein" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Shein" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria Shein, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatiana Nemoi
			spawn_character russia Tatiana Nemoi, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Nemoi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Nemoi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Nemoi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Nemoi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatiana Nemoi, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Isabelle de_Saint_Omer
			spawn_character jerusalem Isabelle de_Saint_Omer, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Saint_Omer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Saint_Omer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Saint_Omer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Saint_Omer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabelle de_Saint_Omer, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helvise de_Payns
			spawn_character jerusalem Helvise de_Payns, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Payns" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Payns" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Payns" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Payns" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helvise de_Payns, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alice de_Montferrand
			spawn_character jerusalem Alice de_Montferrand, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Alice de_Montferrand" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice de_Montferrand" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice de_Montferrand" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice de_Montferrand" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alice de_Montferrand, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mathilde de_Nephin
			spawn_character jerusalem Mathilde de_Nephin, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Nephin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Nephin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Nephin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Nephin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mathilde de_Nephin, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Genoa = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Burdukhan Aspanisdze
			spawn_character georgia Burdukhan Aspanisdze, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Aspanisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Aspanisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Aspanisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Aspanisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Burdukhan Aspanisdze, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rusudan Abuserisdze
			spawn_character georgia Rusudan Abuserisdze, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Rusudan Abuserisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusudan Abuserisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusudan Abuserisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusudan Abuserisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rusudan Abuserisdze, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vardo Mikeladze
			spawn_character georgia Vardo Mikeladze, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Mikeladze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Mikeladze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Mikeladze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Mikeladze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vardo Mikeladze, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natela Pxoveli
			spawn_character georgia Natela Pxoveli, princess, age 19, x 182, y 140
			console_command give_trait "Natela Pxoveli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Pxoveli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Pxoveli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Pxoveli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natela Pxoveli, 182,139
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter genoa_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter genoa_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Genoa_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Novgorod
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists TheodoraI Romaios
			spawn_character byzantium TheodoraI Romaios, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "TheodoraI Romaios" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "TheodoraI Romaios" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "TheodoraI Romaios" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "TheodoraI Romaios" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move TheodoraI Romaios, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aelia Pardos
			spawn_character byzantium Aelia Pardos, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Pardos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Pardos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Pardos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Pardos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aelia Pardos, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Irene_I Askomachos
			spawn_character byzantium Irene_I Askomachos, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Askomachos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Askomachos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Askomachos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Askomachos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irene_I Askomachos, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dimitra Tourkotheodoros
			spawn_character byzantium Dimitra Tourkotheodoros, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Tourkotheodoros" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Tourkotheodoros" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Tourkotheodoros" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Tourkotheodoros" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dimitra Tourkotheodoros, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Joyce de_Geywode
			spawn_character england Joyce de_Geywode, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Joyce de_Geywode" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joyce de_Geywode" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joyce de_Geywode" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joyce de_Geywode" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joyce de_Geywode, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margarete Suthselle
			spawn_character england Margarete Suthselle, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Margarete Suthselle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarete Suthselle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarete Suthselle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarete Suthselle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margarete Suthselle, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cecily de_Juliers
			spawn_character england Cecily de_Juliers, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Cecily de_Juliers" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecily de_Juliers" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecily de_Juliers" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecily de_Juliers" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecily de_Juliers, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hilda de_Puis
			spawn_character england Hilda de_Puis, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Hilda de_Puis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilda de_Puis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilda de_Puis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilda de_Puis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hilda de_Puis, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mairghreid mac_Aeda
			spawn_character scotland Mairghreid mac_Aeda, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Aeda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Aeda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Aeda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Aeda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mairghreid mac_Aeda, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Muireall mac_Idid
			spawn_character scotland Muireall mac_Idid, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Muireall mac_Idid" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Muireall mac_Idid" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Muireall mac_Idid" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Muireall mac_Idid" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Muireall mac_Idid, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sibeal mac_Ideid
			spawn_character scotland Sibeal mac_Ideid, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Sibeal mac_Ideid" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibeal mac_Ideid" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibeal mac_Ideid" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibeal mac_Ideid" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sibeal mac_Ideid, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dearbhail mac_Dabid
			spawn_character scotland Dearbhail mac_Dabid, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Dearbhail mac_Dabid" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dearbhail mac_Dabid" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dearbhail mac_Dabid" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dearbhail mac_Dabid" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dearbhail mac_Dabid, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Margarethea Babenberg
			spawn_character hre Margarethea Babenberg, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Margarethea Babenberg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarethea Babenberg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarethea Babenberg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarethea Babenberg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margarethea Babenberg, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Clara Weinmuth
			spawn_character hre Clara Weinmuth, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Clara Weinmuth" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Weinmuth" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Weinmuth" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara Weinmuth" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Clara Weinmuth, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Walburg Regnart
			spawn_character hre Walburg Regnart, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Walburg Regnart" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Walburg Regnart" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Walburg Regnart" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Walburg Regnart" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Walburg Regnart, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agth von_Jungingen
			spawn_character hre Agth von_Jungingen, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Agth von_Jungingen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agth von_Jungingen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agth von_Jungingen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agth von_Jungingen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agth von_Jungingen, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mahaut Murdac
			spawn_character france Mahaut Murdac, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Mahaut Murdac" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mahaut Murdac" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mahaut Murdac" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mahaut Murdac" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mahaut Murdac, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margot Tanlay
			spawn_character france Margot Tanlay, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Margot Tanlay" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margot Tanlay" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margot Tanlay" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margot Tanlay" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margot Tanlay, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nicole Coeur
			spawn_character france Nicole Coeur, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Nicole Coeur" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole Coeur" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole Coeur" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole Coeur" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicole Coeur, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Petronille Maminot
			spawn_character france Petronille Maminot, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Petronille Maminot" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Petronille Maminot" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Petronille Maminot" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Petronille Maminot" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Petronille Maminot, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Edel af_Aarhus
			spawn_character denmark Edel af_Aarhus, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Edel af_Aarhus" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Edel af_Aarhus" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Edel af_Aarhus" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Edel af_Aarhus" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Edel af_Aarhus, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alvida af_Skibby
			spawn_character denmark Alvida af_Skibby, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Skibby" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Skibby" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Skibby" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Skibby" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alvida af_Skibby, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luitgard af_Hvidding
			spawn_character denmark Luitgard af_Hvidding, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Hvidding" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Hvidding" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Hvidding" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Hvidding" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luitgard af_Hvidding, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hedvig af_Hindsgavl
			spawn_character denmark Hedvig af_Hindsgavl, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig af_Hindsgavl" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig af_Hindsgavl" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig af_Hindsgavl" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig af_Hindsgavl" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hedvig af_Hindsgavl, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Karoline Hansen
			spawn_character norway Karoline Hansen, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Karoline Hansen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Karoline Hansen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Karoline Hansen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Karoline Hansen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Karoline Hansen, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kaja Hauge
			spawn_character norway Kaja Hauge, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Kaja Hauge" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kaja Hauge" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kaja Hauge" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kaja Hauge" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kaja Hauge, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nina av_Hamar
			spawn_character norway Nina av_Hamar, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Nina av_Hamar" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nina av_Hamar" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nina av_Hamar" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nina av_Hamar" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nina av_Hamar, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lis av_Trogstad
			spawn_character norway Lis av_Trogstad, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Lis av_Trogstad" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lis av_Trogstad" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lis av_Trogstad" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lis av_Trogstad" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lis av_Trogstad, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elvira Fresnedo
			spawn_character spain Elvira Fresnedo, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Fresnedo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Fresnedo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Fresnedo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Fresnedo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvira Fresnedo, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jimena Bermudez
			spawn_character spain Jimena Bermudez, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Jimena Bermudez" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena Bermudez" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena Bermudez" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena Bermudez" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jimena Bermudez, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Florinda de_Alarcon
			spawn_character spain Florinda de_Alarcon, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Florinda de_Alarcon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Florinda de_Alarcon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Florinda de_Alarcon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Florinda de_Alarcon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Florinda de_Alarcon, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gracia Carrizo
			spawn_character spain Gracia Carrizo, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Gracia Carrizo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia Carrizo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia Carrizo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia Carrizo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gracia Carrizo, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ana Gilabert
			spawn_character aragon Ana Gilabert, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Ana Gilabert" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Gilabert" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Gilabert" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Gilabert" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ana Gilabert, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aldinicia Domenech
			spawn_character aragon Aldinicia Domenech, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Aldinicia Domenech" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldinicia Domenech" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldinicia Domenech" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldinicia Domenech" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldinicia Domenech, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Izarbe de_Lanuza
			spawn_character aragon Izarbe de_Lanuza, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Izarbe de_Lanuza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Izarbe de_Lanuza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Izarbe de_Lanuza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Izarbe de_Lanuza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Izarbe de_Lanuza, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Iguazel Biel
			spawn_character aragon Iguazel Biel, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Iguazel Biel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Iguazel Biel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Iguazel Biel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Iguazel Biel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Iguazel Biel, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lurdes Lopes
			spawn_character portugal Lurdes Lopes, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Lurdes Lopes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lurdes Lopes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lurdes Lopes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lurdes Lopes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lurdes Lopes, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists E#va Coelho
			spawn_character portugal E#va Coelho, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "E#va Coelho" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Coelho" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Coelho" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Coelho" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move E#va Coelho, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ouroana Albuquerque
			spawn_character portugal Ouroana Albuquerque, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Ouroana Albuquerque" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ouroana Albuquerque" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ouroana Albuquerque" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ouroana Albuquerque" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ouroana Albuquerque, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teresa de_Evora
			spawn_character portugal Teresa de_Evora, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Evora" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Evora" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Evora" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa de_Evora" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teresa de_Evora, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nicola da_Pola
			spawn_character venice Nicola da_Pola, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Nicola da_Pola" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola da_Pola" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola da_Pola" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola da_Pola" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicola da_Pola, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Coletta Zeno
			spawn_character venice Coletta Zeno, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Coletta Zeno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Coletta Zeno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Coletta Zeno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Coletta Zeno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Coletta Zeno, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gianeta Ipato
			spawn_character venice Gianeta Ipato, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Gianeta Ipato" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gianeta Ipato" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gianeta Ipato" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gianeta Ipato" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gianeta Ipato, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Piera da_Segna
			spawn_character venice Piera da_Segna, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Piera da_Segna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera da_Segna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera da_Segna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera da_Segna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Piera da_Segna, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elena de_Franchi
			spawn_character milan Elena de_Franchi, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Elena de_Franchi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena de_Franchi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena de_Franchi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena de_Franchi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena de_Franchi, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cristina de_Medici
			spawn_character milan Cristina de_Medici, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Cristina de_Medici" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina de_Medici" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina de_Medici" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina de_Medici" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristina de_Medici, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Piera Borromini
			spawn_character milan Piera Borromini, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Piera Borromini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Borromini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Borromini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Borromini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Piera Borromini, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bice da_Lucca
			spawn_character milan Bice da_Lucca, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Bice da_Lucca" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice da_Lucca" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice da_Lucca" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice da_Lucca" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bice da_Lucca, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Biata di_Messina
			spawn_character sicily Biata di_Messina, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Biata di_Messina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Biata di_Messina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Biata di_Messina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Biata di_Messina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Biata di_Messina, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ancila di_Sicignano
			spawn_character sicily Ancila di_Sicignano, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Ancila di_Sicignano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancila di_Sicignano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancila di_Sicignano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancila di_Sicignano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ancila di_Sicignano, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rita di_Alago
			spawn_character sicily Rita di_Alago, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Rita di_Alago" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita di_Alago" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita di_Alago" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rita di_Alago" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rita di_Alago, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucrezzia di_Eboli
			spawn_character sicily Lucrezzia di_Eboli, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia di_Eboli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia di_Eboli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia di_Eboli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia di_Eboli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucrezzia di_Eboli, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Sarolta Csak
			spawn_character hungary Sarolta Csak, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Csak" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Csak" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Csak" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Csak" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sarolta Csak, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Piroska Fodor
			spawn_character hungary Piroska Fodor, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Fodor" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Fodor" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Fodor" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Piroska Fodor" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Piroska Fodor, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Judit Szolosi
			spawn_character hungary Judit Szolosi, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Judit Szolosi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judit Szolosi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judit Szolosi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judit Szolosi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judit Szolosi, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zsuzsanna Pok
			spawn_character hungary Zsuzsanna Pok, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Pok" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Pok" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Pok" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Pok" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zsuzsanna Pok, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ryksa Raptusiewicz
			spawn_character poland Ryksa Raptusiewicz, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Raptusiewicz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Raptusiewicz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Raptusiewicz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Raptusiewicz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ryksa Raptusiewicz, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Urszula z_Osiecznej
			spawn_character poland Urszula z_Osiecznej, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Osiecznej" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Osiecznej" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Osiecznej" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Osiecznej" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Urszula z_Osiecznej, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joanna z_Turowa
			spawn_character poland Joanna z_Turowa, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Joanna z_Turowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna z_Turowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna z_Turowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna z_Turowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joanna z_Turowa, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wiaczeslawa Mazowiecki
			spawn_character poland Wiaczeslawa Mazowiecki, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa Mazowiecki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa Mazowiecki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa Mazowiecki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa Mazowiecki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wiaczeslawa Mazowiecki, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Bojana Firlej
			spawn_character lithuania Bojana Firlej, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Firlej" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Firlej" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Firlej" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Firlej" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bojana Firlej, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alvyda Bazynski
			spawn_character lithuania Alvyda Bazynski, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Alvyda Bazynski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvyda Bazynski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvyda Bazynski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvyda Bazynski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alvyda Bazynski, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brodzislawa Orzechowski
			spawn_character lithuania Brodzislawa Orzechowski, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Orzechowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Orzechowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Orzechowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Orzechowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brodzislawa Orzechowski, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Norgaile Morawski
			spawn_character lithuania Norgaile Morawski, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile Morawski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile Morawski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile Morawski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile Morawski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Norgaile Morawski, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Evdokia Redegin
			spawn_character kievan_rus Evdokia Redegin, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Evdokia Redegin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evdokia Redegin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evdokia Redegin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evdokia Redegin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evdokia Redegin, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feofania Kubenskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Feofania Kubenskii, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Kubenskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Kubenskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Kubenskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Kubenskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feofania Kubenskii, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lyubava Rostovskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Lyubava Rostovskii, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Rostovskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Rostovskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Rostovskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Rostovskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lyubava Rostovskii, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Radogneva Monomakhovich
			spawn_character kievan_rus Radogneva Monomakhovich, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Monomakhovich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Monomakhovich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Monomakhovich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Monomakhovich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Radogneva Monomakhovich, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dobroslava Musorskii
			spawn_character russia Dobroslava Musorskii, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Musorskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Musorskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Musorskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Musorskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobroslava Musorskii, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ekaterina Smolenskii
			spawn_character russia Ekaterina Smolenskii, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Smolenskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Smolenskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Smolenskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Smolenskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ekaterina Smolenskii, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fevronia Oshchera
			spawn_character russia Fevronia Oshchera, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Oshchera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Oshchera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Oshchera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Oshchera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fevronia Oshchera, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gorislava Smolin
			spawn_character russia Gorislava Smolin, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Gorislava Smolin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorislava Smolin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorislava Smolin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorislava Smolin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gorislava Smolin, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lucienne de_Villeneuve
			spawn_character jerusalem Lucienne de_Villeneuve, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Villeneuve" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Villeneuve" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Villeneuve" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Villeneuve" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucienne de_Villeneuve, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Melisende de_Mirabel
			spawn_character jerusalem Melisende de_Mirabel, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Mirabel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Mirabel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Mirabel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Mirabel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Melisende de_Mirabel, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Orgueilleuse d_Auvergne
			spawn_character jerusalem Orgueilleuse d_Auvergne, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse d_Auvergne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse d_Auvergne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse d_Auvergne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse d_Auvergne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orgueilleuse d_Auvergne, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Euphemie du_Puy
			spawn_character jerusalem Euphemie du_Puy, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Euphemie du_Puy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemie du_Puy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemie du_Puy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemie du_Puy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Euphemie du_Puy, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Novgorod = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nino Grigolisdze
			spawn_character georgia Nino Grigolisdze, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Nino Grigolisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Grigolisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Grigolisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Grigolisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nino Grigolisdze, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ana Vardanisdze
			spawn_character georgia Ana Vardanisdze, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Ana Vardanisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Vardanisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Vardanisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Vardanisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ana Vardanisdze, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nestan Corcaneli
			spawn_character georgia Nestan Corcaneli, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Nestan Corcaneli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nestan Corcaneli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nestan Corcaneli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nestan Corcaneli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nestan Corcaneli, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Salome Egriseli
			spawn_character georgia Salome Egriseli, princess, age 19, x 305, y 267
			console_command give_trait "Salome Egriseli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Egriseli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Egriseli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Egriseli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Salome Egriseli, 304,267
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter novgorod_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter novgorod_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Novgorod_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Krakow
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Hypatia Kotzonas
			spawn_character byzantium Hypatia Kotzonas, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Hypatia Kotzonas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypatia Kotzonas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypatia Kotzonas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypatia Kotzonas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hypatia Kotzonas, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agathi Lampinos
			spawn_character byzantium Agathi Lampinos, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Agathi Lampinos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agathi Lampinos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agathi Lampinos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agathi Lampinos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agathi Lampinos, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lupicina Belissariotes
			spawn_character byzantium Lupicina Belissariotes, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Lupicina Belissariotes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lupicina Belissariotes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lupicina Belissariotes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lupicina Belissariotes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lupicina Belissariotes, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maritza Abalantos
			spawn_character byzantium Maritza Abalantos, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Abalantos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Abalantos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Abalantos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Abalantos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maritza Abalantos, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Madeleine de_Gundeuyl
			spawn_character england Madeleine de_Gundeuyl, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine de_Gundeuyl" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine de_Gundeuyl" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine de_Gundeuyl" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine de_Gundeuyl" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Madeleine de_Gundeuyl, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joanna de_Shypdham
			spawn_character england Joanna de_Shypdham, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Joanna de_Shypdham" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna de_Shypdham" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna de_Shypdham" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joanna de_Shypdham" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joanna de_Shypdham, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Avelyn Barlow
			spawn_character england Avelyn Barlow, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Avelyn Barlow" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Avelyn Barlow" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Avelyn Barlow" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Avelyn Barlow" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Avelyn Barlow, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mabel Mattheu
			spawn_character england Mabel Mattheu, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Mabel Mattheu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel Mattheu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel Mattheu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel Mattheu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mabel Mattheu, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Una mac_Cinaeda
			spawn_character scotland Una mac_Cinaeda, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Una mac_Cinaeda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Una mac_Cinaeda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Una mac_Cinaeda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Una mac_Cinaeda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Una mac_Cinaeda, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Slaine mac_Caerill
			spawn_character scotland Slaine mac_Caerill, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Slaine mac_Caerill" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Slaine mac_Caerill" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Slaine mac_Caerill" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Slaine mac_Caerill" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Slaine mac_Caerill, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Issobell mac_Cathail
			spawn_character scotland Issobell mac_Cathail, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Cathail" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Cathail" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Cathail" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Cathail" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Issobell mac_Cathail, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eithrig mac_Mail_Brigte
			spawn_character scotland Eithrig mac_Mail_Brigte, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Mail_Brigte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Mail_Brigte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Mail_Brigte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Mail_Brigte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eithrig mac_Mail_Brigte, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Neslin von_Mahren
			spawn_character hre Neslin von_Mahren, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Neslin von_Mahren" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Neslin von_Mahren" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Neslin von_Mahren" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Neslin von_Mahren" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Neslin von_Mahren, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hedewig Tunger
			spawn_character hre Hedewig Tunger, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Hedewig Tunger" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedewig Tunger" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedewig Tunger" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedewig Tunger" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hedewig Tunger, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kungundt Schulte
			spawn_character hre Kungundt Schulte, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Kungundt Schulte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kungundt Schulte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kungundt Schulte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kungundt Schulte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kungundt Schulte, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Peternella Zollner
			spawn_character hre Peternella Zollner, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Peternella Zollner" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Peternella Zollner" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Peternella Zollner" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Peternella Zollner" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Peternella Zollner, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Guillemette Bermond
			spawn_character france Guillemette Bermond, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette Bermond" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette Bermond" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette Bermond" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette Bermond" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guillemette Bermond, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Edette de_Sainte_Suzanne
			spawn_character france Edette de_Sainte_Suzanne, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Edette de_Sainte_Suzanne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette de_Sainte_Suzanne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette de_Sainte_Suzanne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette de_Sainte_Suzanne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Edette de_Sainte_Suzanne, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agne#s Mantel
			spawn_character france Agne#s Mantel, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s Mantel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s Mantel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s Mantel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s Mantel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agne#s Mantel, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adele de_Villacros
			spawn_character france Adele de_Villacros, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Villacros" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Villacros" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Villacros" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Villacros" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adele de_Villacros, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anna Hvas
			spawn_character denmark Anna Hvas, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Anna Hvas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Hvas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Hvas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Hvas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Hvas, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sigrid Folkesen
			spawn_character denmark Sigrid Folkesen, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Sigrid Folkesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sigrid Folkesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sigrid Folkesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sigrid Folkesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sigrid Folkesen, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luitgard af_Viborg
			spawn_character denmark Luitgard af_Viborg, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Viborg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Viborg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Viborg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Viborg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luitgard af_Viborg, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ingegerd Egilsen
			spawn_character denmark Ingegerd Egilsen, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Ingegerd Egilsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingegerd Egilsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingegerd Egilsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingegerd Egilsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ingegerd Egilsen, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Magda av_Stiklestad
			spawn_character norway Magda av_Stiklestad, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Magda av_Stiklestad" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda av_Stiklestad" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda av_Stiklestad" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda av_Stiklestad" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magda av_Stiklestad, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ada av_Tingoyene
			spawn_character norway Ada av_Tingoyene, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Ada av_Tingoyene" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ada av_Tingoyene" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ada av_Tingoyene" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ada av_Tingoyene" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ada av_Tingoyene, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Josefine av_Vardo
			spawn_character norway Josefine av_Vardo, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Josefine av_Vardo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Josefine av_Vardo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Josefine av_Vardo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Josefine av_Vardo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Josefine av_Vardo, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gudrun Skoftesen
			spawn_character norway Gudrun Skoftesen, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Skoftesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Skoftesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Skoftesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Skoftesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gudrun Skoftesen, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Aldara de_Pedrosa
			spawn_character spain Aldara de_Pedrosa, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Aldara de_Pedrosa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldara de_Pedrosa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldara de_Pedrosa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldara de_Pedrosa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldara de_Pedrosa, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucia Pellicer
			spawn_character spain Lucia Pellicer, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Pellicer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Pellicer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Pellicer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Pellicer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucia Pellicer, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Magdalena Maderuelo
			spawn_character spain Magdalena Maderuelo, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Maderuelo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Maderuelo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Maderuelo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Maderuelo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magdalena Maderuelo, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luisa Pedraza
			spawn_character spain Luisa Pedraza, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Luisa Pedraza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luisa Pedraza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luisa Pedraza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luisa Pedraza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luisa Pedraza, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Segimona Palau
			spawn_character aragon Segimona Palau, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Segimona Palau" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Segimona Palau" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Segimona Palau" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Segimona Palau" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Segimona Palau, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dolors Garriga
			spawn_character aragon Dolors Garriga, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Dolors Garriga" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dolors Garriga" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dolors Garriga" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dolors Garriga" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dolors Garriga, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Angela Boey
			spawn_character aragon Angela Boey, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Angela Boey" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Angela Boey" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Angela Boey" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Angela Boey" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Angela Boey, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ana Massot
			spawn_character aragon Ana Massot, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Ana Massot" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Massot" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Massot" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Massot" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ana Massot, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Guiomar da_Anunciada
			spawn_character portugal Guiomar da_Anunciada, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar da_Anunciada" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar da_Anunciada" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar da_Anunciada" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guiomar da_Anunciada" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guiomar da_Anunciada, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Violante Raposo
			spawn_character portugal Violante Raposo, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Violante Raposo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Raposo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Raposo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Raposo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Violante Raposo, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jacinta Tavora
			spawn_character portugal Jacinta Tavora, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Tavora" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Tavora" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Tavora" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Tavora" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jacinta Tavora, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucia Novais
			spawn_character portugal Lucia Novais, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Novais" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Novais" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Novais" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Novais" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucia Novais, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nicoletta da_Corfu
			spawn_character venice Nicoletta da_Corfu, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Nicoletta da_Corfu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicoletta da_Corfu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicoletta da_Corfu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicoletta da_Corfu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicoletta da_Corfu, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Annetta da_Castelfranco
			spawn_character venice Annetta da_Castelfranco, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Annetta da_Castelfranco" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta da_Castelfranco" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta da_Castelfranco" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta da_Castelfranco" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Annetta da_Castelfranco, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tomasina Magno
			spawn_character venice Tomasina Magno, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Magno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Magno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Magno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Magno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tomasina Magno, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francesca Soranzo
			spawn_character venice Francesca Soranzo, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Soranzo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Soranzo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Soranzo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Soranzo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francesca Soranzo, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Magdalena da_Genova
			spawn_character milan Magdalena da_Genova, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena da_Genova" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena da_Genova" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena da_Genova" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena da_Genova" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magdalena da_Genova, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria da_Pisa
			spawn_character milan Maria da_Pisa, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Maria da_Pisa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria da_Pisa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria da_Pisa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria da_Pisa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria da_Pisa, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giulia di_Lavagna
			spawn_character milan Giulia di_Lavagna, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Giulia di_Lavagna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giulia di_Lavagna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giulia di_Lavagna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giulia di_Lavagna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giulia di_Lavagna, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nezetta di_Ajaccio
			spawn_character milan Nezetta di_Ajaccio, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Nezetta di_Ajaccio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nezetta di_Ajaccio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nezetta di_Ajaccio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nezetta di_Ajaccio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nezetta di_Ajaccio, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Adalina Vallano
			spawn_character sicily Adalina Vallano, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Adalina Vallano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adalina Vallano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adalina Vallano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adalina Vallano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adalina Vallano, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ancila di_Caiazzo
			spawn_character sicily Ancila di_Caiazzo, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Ancila di_Caiazzo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancila di_Caiazzo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancila di_Caiazzo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancila di_Caiazzo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ancila di_Caiazzo, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Biata di_Bisceglie
			spawn_character sicily Biata di_Bisceglie, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Biata di_Bisceglie" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Biata di_Bisceglie" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Biata di_Bisceglie" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Biata di_Bisceglie" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Biata di_Bisceglie, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Amelia Barba
			spawn_character sicily Amelia Barba, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Amelia Barba" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia Barba" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia Barba" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia Barba" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Amelia Barba, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eufemia Nemeth
			spawn_character hungary Eufemia Nemeth, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Nemeth" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Nemeth" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Nemeth" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Nemeth" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eufemia Nemeth, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jolanta Kaszadi
			spawn_character hungary Jolanta Kaszadi, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Kaszadi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Kaszadi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Kaszadi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Kaszadi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jolanta Kaszadi, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kinga Szebeni
			spawn_character hungary Kinga Szebeni, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Kinga Szebeni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kinga Szebeni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kinga Szebeni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kinga Szebeni" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kinga Szebeni, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Barbara Geregye
			spawn_character hungary Barbara Geregye, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Geregye" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Geregye" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Geregye" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Geregye" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Barbara Geregye, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dobromila z_Olesnicy
			spawn_character poland Dobromila z_Olesnicy, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila z_Olesnicy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila z_Olesnicy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila z_Olesnicy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila z_Olesnicy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobromila z_Olesnicy, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eufrozyna Kuczek
			spawn_character poland Eufrozyna Kuczek, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Eufrozyna Kuczek" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrozyna Kuczek" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrozyna Kuczek" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrozyna Kuczek" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eufrozyna Kuczek, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helena z_Targowa
			spawn_character poland Helena z_Targowa, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Helena z_Targowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena z_Targowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena z_Targowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena z_Targowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena z_Targowa, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Janczyslawa Radomski
			spawn_character poland Janczyslawa Radomski, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Radomski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Radomski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Radomski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Radomski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Janczyslawa Radomski, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Vilija z_Jaroslawia
			spawn_character lithuania Vilija z_Jaroslawia, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Vilija z_Jaroslawia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilija z_Jaroslawia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilija z_Jaroslawia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilija z_Jaroslawia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vilija z_Jaroslawia, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bogumila Debinski
			spawn_character lithuania Bogumila Debinski, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Debinski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Debinski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Debinski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Debinski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bogumila Debinski, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Godzimira z_Maszkowic
			spawn_character lithuania Godzimira z_Maszkowic, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira z_Maszkowic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira z_Maszkowic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira z_Maszkowic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira z_Maszkowic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Godzimira z_Maszkowic, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Skirmante Bozek
			spawn_character lithuania Skirmante Bozek, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Skirmante Bozek" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Skirmante Bozek" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Skirmante Bozek" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Skirmante Bozek" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Skirmante Bozek, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agnia Buy_Tur
			spawn_character kievan_rus Agnia Buy_Tur, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Agnia Buy_Tur" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnia Buy_Tur" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnia Buy_Tur" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnia Buy_Tur" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnia Buy_Tur, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena Kotov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Elena Kotov, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kotov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kotov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kotov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kotov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena Kotov, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zbyslava Dyudenev
			spawn_character kievan_rus Zbyslava Dyudenev, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Dyudenev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Dyudenev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Dyudenev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslava Dyudenev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zbyslava Dyudenev, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anastasia Runo
			spawn_character kievan_rus Anastasia Runo, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Runo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Runo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Runo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Runo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anastasia Runo, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Matrona Shakhovskoi
			spawn_character russia Matrona Shakhovskoi, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Matrona Shakhovskoi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Matrona Shakhovskoi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Matrona Shakhovskoi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Matrona Shakhovskoi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Matrona Shakhovskoi, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Radogneva Bestuzhev
			spawn_character russia Radogneva Bestuzhev, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Bestuzhev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Bestuzhev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Bestuzhev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Radogneva Bestuzhev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Radogneva Bestuzhev, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sofia Fedorov
			spawn_character russia Sofia Fedorov, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Fedorov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Fedorov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Fedorov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Fedorov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sofia Fedorov, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agafia Brenok
			spawn_character russia Agafia Brenok, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Agafia Brenok" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agafia Brenok" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agafia Brenok" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agafia Brenok" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agafia Brenok, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Sibylle de_Toulouse
			spawn_character jerusalem Sibylle de_Toulouse, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Toulouse" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Toulouse" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Toulouse" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Toulouse" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sibylle de_Toulouse, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Plaisance de_Bethgibelin
			spawn_character jerusalem Plaisance de_Bethgibelin, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance de_Bethgibelin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance de_Bethgibelin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance de_Bethgibelin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance de_Bethgibelin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Plaisance de_Bethgibelin, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Emma Sans_Avoir
			spawn_character jerusalem Emma Sans_Avoir, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Emma Sans_Avoir" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma Sans_Avoir" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma Sans_Avoir" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma Sans_Avoir" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Emma Sans_Avoir, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alice de_Bourcq
			spawn_character jerusalem Alice de_Bourcq, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Alice de_Bourcq" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice de_Bourcq" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice de_Bourcq" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alice de_Bourcq" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alice de_Bourcq, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Krakow = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eka Tmogveli
			spawn_character georgia Eka Tmogveli, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Eka Tmogveli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eka Tmogveli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eka Tmogveli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eka Tmogveli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eka Tmogveli, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatia Marushisdze
			spawn_character georgia Tatia Marushisdze, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Marushisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Marushisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Marushisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatia Marushisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatia Marushisdze, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tekla Panaskerteli
			spawn_character georgia Tekla Panaskerteli, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Tekla Panaskerteli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tekla Panaskerteli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tekla Panaskerteli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tekla Panaskerteli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tekla Panaskerteli, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamar Surameli
			spawn_character georgia Tamar Surameli, princess, age 19, x 222, y 208
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Surameli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Surameli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Surameli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Surameli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamar Surameli, 222,207
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter krakow_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter krakow_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Krakow_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Kiev
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gregoria Kastelitas
			spawn_character byzantium Gregoria Kastelitas, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria Kastelitas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria Kastelitas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria Kastelitas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria Kastelitas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gregoria Kastelitas, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aleksandra Makrembolites
			spawn_character byzantium Aleksandra Makrembolites, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Makrembolites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Makrembolites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Makrembolites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Makrembolites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aleksandra Makrembolites, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adriana Tapeinos
			spawn_character byzantium Adriana Tapeinos, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Tapeinos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Tapeinos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Tapeinos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adriana Tapeinos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adriana Tapeinos, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anastasia Tripsyches
			spawn_character byzantium Anastasia Tripsyches, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Tripsyches" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Tripsyches" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Tripsyches" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Tripsyches" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anastasia Tripsyches, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Matilda Gaveston
			spawn_character england Matilda Gaveston, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Gaveston" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Gaveston" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Gaveston" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Gaveston" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Matilda Gaveston, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anne Barre
			spawn_character england Anne Barre, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Anne Barre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Barre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Barre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Barre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anne Barre, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joyce Halding
			spawn_character england Joyce Halding, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Joyce Halding" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joyce Halding" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joyce Halding" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joyce Halding" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joyce Halding, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alveva de_Redlesford
			spawn_character england Alveva de_Redlesford, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Alveva de_Redlesford" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alveva de_Redlesford" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alveva de_Redlesford" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alveva de_Redlesford" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alveva de_Redlesford, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Caitriona mac_Matni
			spawn_character scotland Caitriona mac_Matni, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Matni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Matni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Matni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Caitriona mac_Matni" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Caitriona mac_Matni, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Issobell mac_Sithig
			spawn_character scotland Issobell mac_Sithig, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Sithig" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Sithig" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Sithig" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Sithig" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Issobell mac_Sithig, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mairghreid mac_Giric
			spawn_character scotland Mairghreid mac_Giric, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Giric" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Giric" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Giric" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Giric" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mairghreid mac_Giric, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joan mac_Caerill
			spawn_character scotland Joan mac_Caerill, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Caerill" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Caerill" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Caerill" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Caerill" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joan mac_Caerill, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gerlin Ungenade
			spawn_character hre Gerlin Ungenade, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Gerlin Ungenade" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerlin Ungenade" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerlin Ungenade" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gerlin Ungenade" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gerlin Ungenade, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kunigundt von_Schwaben
			spawn_character hre Kunigundt von_Schwaben, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Kunigundt von_Schwaben" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kunigundt von_Schwaben" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kunigundt von_Schwaben" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kunigundt von_Schwaben" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kunigundt von_Schwaben, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Enndlin Kuchmeister
			spawn_character hre Enndlin Kuchmeister, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin Kuchmeister" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin Kuchmeister" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin Kuchmeister" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin Kuchmeister" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Enndlin Kuchmeister, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agnes Richtenberg
			spawn_character hre Agnes Richtenberg, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Richtenberg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Richtenberg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Richtenberg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnes Richtenberg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnes Richtenberg, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Blanche Tanlay
			spawn_character france Blanche Tanlay, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Blanche Tanlay" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanche Tanlay" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanche Tanlay" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanche Tanlay" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Blanche Tanlay, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Guillemette d_Alsace
			spawn_character france Guillemette d_Alsace, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette d_Alsace" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette d_Alsace" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette d_Alsace" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guillemette d_Alsace" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guillemette d_Alsace, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Edette d_Epaigni
			spawn_character france Edette d_Epaigni, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Edette d_Epaigni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette d_Epaigni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette d_Epaigni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Edette d_Epaigni" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Edette d_Epaigni, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Douce d_Eu
			spawn_character france Douce d_Eu, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Douce d_Eu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Douce d_Eu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Douce d_Eu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Douce d_Eu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Douce d_Eu, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Karen Gerhardtsen
			spawn_character denmark Karen Gerhardtsen, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Karen Gerhardtsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Karen Gerhardtsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Karen Gerhardtsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Karen Gerhardtsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Karen Gerhardtsen, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alvilde af_Lihme
			spawn_character denmark Alvilde af_Lihme, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Alvilde af_Lihme" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvilde af_Lihme" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvilde af_Lihme" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvilde af_Lihme" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alvilde af_Lihme, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alvida af_Korsor
			spawn_character denmark Alvida af_Korsor, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Korsor" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Korsor" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Korsor" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Korsor" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alvida af_Korsor, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maren Urup
			spawn_character denmark Maren Urup, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Maren Urup" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maren Urup" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maren Urup" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maren Urup" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maren Urup, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Froydis Sigfredsen
			spawn_character norway Froydis Sigfredsen, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Froydis Sigfredsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Froydis Sigfredsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Froydis Sigfredsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Froydis Sigfredsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Froydis Sigfredsen, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eline av_Heggen
			spawn_character norway Eline av_Heggen, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Eline av_Heggen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eline av_Heggen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eline av_Heggen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eline av_Heggen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eline av_Heggen, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jutta av_Hadeland
			spawn_character norway Jutta av_Hadeland, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Jutta av_Hadeland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta av_Hadeland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta av_Hadeland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta av_Hadeland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jutta av_Hadeland, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alma Harfagre
			spawn_character norway Alma Harfagre, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Alma Harfagre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alma Harfagre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alma Harfagre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alma Harfagre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alma Harfagre, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Fafila Villalobos
			spawn_character spain Fafila Villalobos, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Fafila Villalobos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fafila Villalobos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fafila Villalobos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fafila Villalobos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fafila Villalobos, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Justa de_Villalobos
			spawn_character spain Justa de_Villalobos, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Justa de_Villalobos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Justa de_Villalobos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Justa de_Villalobos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Justa de_Villalobos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Justa de_Villalobos, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Urraca Maldonado
			spawn_character spain Urraca Maldonado, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Urraca Maldonado" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Urraca Maldonado" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Urraca Maldonado" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Urraca Maldonado" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Urraca Maldonado, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mafalda de_Neira
			spawn_character spain Mafalda de_Neira, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Mafalda de_Neira" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mafalda de_Neira" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mafalda de_Neira" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mafalda de_Neira" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mafalda de_Neira, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eleanor Carbo
			spawn_character aragon Eleanor Carbo, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Eleanor Carbo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleanor Carbo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleanor Carbo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleanor Carbo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eleanor Carbo, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Orosia Oms
			spawn_character aragon Orosia Oms, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Oms" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Oms" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Oms" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia Oms" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orosia Oms, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Raimunda Reguera
			spawn_character aragon Raimunda Reguera, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda Reguera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda Reguera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda Reguera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda Reguera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raimunda Reguera, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teresa d_Abargues
			spawn_character aragon Teresa d_Abargues, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Teresa d_Abargues" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa d_Abargues" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa d_Abargues" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teresa d_Abargues" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teresa d_Abargues, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Isabel Soares
			spawn_character portugal Isabel Soares, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Soares" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Soares" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Soares" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Soares" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabel Soares, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francisca da_Mota
			spawn_character portugal Francisca da_Mota, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Francisca da_Mota" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca da_Mota" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca da_Mota" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca da_Mota" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francisca da_Mota, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mecia Costa
			spawn_character portugal Mecia Costa, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Mecia Costa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mecia Costa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mecia Costa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mecia Costa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mecia Costa, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rute Santos
			spawn_character portugal Rute Santos, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Rute Santos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rute Santos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rute Santos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rute Santos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rute Santos, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Helena Caloprini
			spawn_character venice Helena Caloprini, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Helena Caloprini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Caloprini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Caloprini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Caloprini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena Caloprini, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fiorenza Grissani
			spawn_character venice Fiorenza Grissani, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza Grissani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza Grissani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza Grissani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza Grissani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fiorenza Grissani, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Andrea Beligeri
			spawn_character venice Andrea Beligeri, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Andrea Beligeri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Andrea Beligeri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Andrea Beligeri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Andrea Beligeri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Andrea Beligeri, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agnese Donato
			spawn_character venice Agnese Donato, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Agnese Donato" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnese Donato" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnese Donato" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agnese Donato" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agnese Donato, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lena di_Santo_Stefano
			spawn_character milan Lena di_Santo_Stefano, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Lena di_Santo_Stefano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena di_Santo_Stefano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena di_Santo_Stefano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena di_Santo_Stefano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lena di_Santo_Stefano, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Caterina di_La_Spezia
			spawn_character milan Caterina di_La_Spezia, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Caterina di_La_Spezia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina di_La_Spezia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina di_La_Spezia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina di_La_Spezia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Caterina di_La_Spezia, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Daiana Adorno
			spawn_character milan Daiana Adorno, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Daiana Adorno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiana Adorno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiana Adorno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiana Adorno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Daiana Adorno, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margherita Rossi
			spawn_character milan Margherita Rossi, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Rossi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Rossi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Rossi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Rossi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margherita Rossi, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Matilda di_Antiochia
			spawn_character sicily Matilda di_Antiochia, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Matilda di_Antiochia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda di_Antiochia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda di_Antiochia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda di_Antiochia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Matilda di_Antiochia, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Flora Navarra
			spawn_character sicily Flora Navarra, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Flora Navarra" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Flora Navarra" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Flora Navarra" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Flora Navarra" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Flora Navarra, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ireni+I Trincanocte
			spawn_character sicily Ireni+I Trincanocte, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Ireni+I Trincanocte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ireni+I Trincanocte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ireni+I Trincanocte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ireni+I Trincanocte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ireni+I Trincanocte, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucrezzia Antiochia
			spawn_character sicily Lucrezzia Antiochia, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia Antiochia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia Antiochia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia Antiochia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia Antiochia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucrezzia Antiochia, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ancilla a_Borsa_nembol
			spawn_character hungary Ancilla a_Borsa_nembol, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla a_Borsa_nembol" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla a_Borsa_nembol" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla a_Borsa_nembol" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla a_Borsa_nembol" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ancilla a_Borsa_nembol, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adelaide Szak
			spawn_character hungary Adelaide Szak, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Adelaide Szak" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelaide Szak" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelaide Szak" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelaide Szak" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelaide Szak, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zsofia Szentmagocs
			spawn_character hungary Zsofia Szentmagocs, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Zsofia Szentmagocs" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsofia Szentmagocs" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsofia Szentmagocs" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsofia Szentmagocs" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zsofia Szentmagocs, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Virag Martonfalvi
			spawn_character hungary Virag Martonfalvi, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Virag Martonfalvi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Virag Martonfalvi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Virag Martonfalvi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Virag Martonfalvi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Virag Martonfalvi, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gorka z_Brudzewa
			spawn_character poland Gorka z_Brudzewa, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Gorka z_Brudzewa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorka z_Brudzewa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorka z_Brudzewa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorka z_Brudzewa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gorka z_Brudzewa, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Imislawa z_Targowa
			spawn_character poland Imislawa z_Targowa, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa z_Targowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa z_Targowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa z_Targowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Imislawa z_Targowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Imislawa z_Targowa, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bogna z_Morawic
			spawn_character poland Bogna z_Morawic, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Bogna z_Morawic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogna z_Morawic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogna z_Morawic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogna z_Morawic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bogna z_Morawic, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wierzchoslawa Teczynski
			spawn_character poland Wierzchoslawa Teczynski, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa Teczynski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa Teczynski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa Teczynski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa Teczynski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wierzchoslawa Teczynski, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Indre Chrzastowski
			spawn_character lithuania Indre Chrzastowski, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Indre Chrzastowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Indre Chrzastowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Indre Chrzastowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Indre Chrzastowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Indre Chrzastowski, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zofia z_Korzkiewa
			spawn_character lithuania Zofia z_Korzkiewa, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Zofia z_Korzkiewa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zofia z_Korzkiewa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zofia z_Korzkiewa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zofia z_Korzkiewa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zofia z_Korzkiewa, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria z_Budzisk
			spawn_character lithuania Maria z_Budzisk, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Maria z_Budzisk" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria z_Budzisk" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria z_Budzisk" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria z_Budzisk" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria z_Budzisk, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jadwiga z_Wrocimowic
			spawn_character lithuania Jadwiga z_Wrocimowic, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Jadwiga z_Wrocimowic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jadwiga z_Wrocimowic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jadwiga z_Wrocimowic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jadwiga z_Wrocimowic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jadwiga z_Wrocimowic, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agrafena Posakhno
			spawn_character kievan_rus Agrafena Posakhno, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Posakhno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Posakhno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Posakhno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Posakhno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agrafena Posakhno, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feodora Velyaminov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Feodora Velyaminov, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Velyaminov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Velyaminov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Velyaminov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Velyaminov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feodora Velyaminov, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sofia Kubenskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Sofia Kubenskii, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Kubenskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Kubenskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Kubenskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Kubenskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sofia Kubenskii, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rostislava Vorontsov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Rostislava Vorontsov, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Rostislava Vorontsov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rostislava Vorontsov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rostislava Vorontsov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rostislava Vorontsov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rostislava Vorontsov, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Vseslava Obrazets
			spawn_character russia Vseslava Obrazets, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Obrazets" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Obrazets" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Obrazets" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Obrazets" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vseslava Obrazets, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nadezhda Kobylin
			spawn_character russia Nadezhda Kobylin, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Kobylin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Kobylin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Kobylin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Kobylin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nadezhda Kobylin, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natalia Gorstkin
			spawn_character russia Natalia Gorstkin, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorstkin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorstkin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorstkin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorstkin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Gorstkin, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Melania Novotorskii
			spawn_character russia Melania Novotorskii, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Melania Novotorskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Melania Novotorskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Melania Novotorskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Melania Novotorskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Melania Novotorskii, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lucie de_Boves
			spawn_character jerusalem Lucie de_Boves, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Lucie de_Boves" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucie de_Boves" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucie de_Boves" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucie de_Boves" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucie de_Boves, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catherine des_Barres
			spawn_character jerusalem Catherine des_Barres, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Catherine des_Barres" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine des_Barres" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine des_Barres" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine des_Barres" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catherine des_Barres, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marie de_Coligny
			spawn_character jerusalem Marie de_Coligny, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Marie de_Coligny" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie de_Coligny" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie de_Coligny" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie de_Coligny" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marie de_Coligny, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jeanne de_Cesaree
			spawn_character jerusalem Jeanne de_Cesaree, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Cesaree" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Cesaree" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Cesaree" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Cesaree" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jeanne de_Cesaree, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kiev = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Asmat Corcaneli
			spawn_character georgia Asmat Corcaneli, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Corcaneli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Corcaneli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Corcaneli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Corcaneli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Asmat Corcaneli, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nino Tuxareli
			spawn_character georgia Nino Tuxareli, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Nino Tuxareli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Tuxareli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Tuxareli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nino Tuxareli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nino Tuxareli, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamta Kobulisdze
			spawn_character georgia Tamta Kobulisdze, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Kobulisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Kobulisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Kobulisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Kobulisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamta Kobulisdze, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natela Surameli
			spawn_character georgia Natela Surameli, princess, age 19, x 283, y 142
			console_command give_trait "Natela Surameli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Surameli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Surameli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Surameli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natela Surameli, 296,210
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter kiev_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kiev_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Kiev_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Venice
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ioulia Katakallos
			spawn_character byzantium Ioulia Katakallos, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Katakallos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Katakallos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Katakallos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Katakallos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ioulia Katakallos, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria_Xene Chazaros
			spawn_character byzantium Maria_Xene Chazaros, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Maria_Xene Chazaros" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_Xene Chazaros" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_Xene Chazaros" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_Xene Chazaros" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria_Xene Chazaros, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zoe Blastares
			spawn_character byzantium Zoe Blastares, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Blastares" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Blastares" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Blastares" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Blastares" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zoe Blastares, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sophia_I Kalikas
			spawn_character byzantium Sophia_I Kalikas, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Kalikas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Kalikas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Kalikas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Kalikas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sophia_I Kalikas, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Isobel Wydevylle
			spawn_character england Isobel Wydevylle, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Isobel Wydevylle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isobel Wydevylle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isobel Wydevylle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isobel Wydevylle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isobel Wydevylle, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ysabelle of_Pickering
			spawn_character england Ysabelle of_Pickering, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ysabelle of_Pickering" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ysabelle of_Pickering" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ysabelle of_Pickering" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ysabelle of_Pickering" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ysabelle of_Pickering, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sabina Blount
			spawn_character england Sabina Blount, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Sabina Blount" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sabina Blount" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sabina Blount" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sabina Blount" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sabina Blount, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elianora Grene
			spawn_character england Elianora Grene, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Elianora Grene" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elianora Grene" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elianora Grene" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elianora Grene" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elianora Grene, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eubha mac_Ilduilb
			spawn_character scotland Eubha mac_Ilduilb, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Ilduilb" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Ilduilb" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Ilduilb" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Ilduilb" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eubha mac_Ilduilb, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Murron mac_Culeon
			spawn_character scotland Murron mac_Culeon, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Murron mac_Culeon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Murron mac_Culeon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Murron mac_Culeon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Murron mac_Culeon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Murron mac_Culeon, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Deirdre mac_Somairle
			spawn_character scotland Deirdre mac_Somairle, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Somairle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Somairle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Somairle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Somairle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Deirdre mac_Somairle, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mairghreid mac_Uilliam
			spawn_character scotland Mairghreid mac_Uilliam, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Uilliam" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Uilliam" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Uilliam" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairghreid mac_Uilliam" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mairghreid mac_Uilliam, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Martsch Schlungel
			spawn_character hre Martsch Schlungel, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Martsch Schlungel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martsch Schlungel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martsch Schlungel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martsch Schlungel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martsch Schlungel, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Els Dusmer
			spawn_character hre Els Dusmer, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Els Dusmer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Els Dusmer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Els Dusmer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Els Dusmer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Els Dusmer, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Affra Folz
			spawn_character hre Affra Folz, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Affra Folz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Affra Folz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Affra Folz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Affra Folz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Affra Folz, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Barbelin von_Osterreich
			spawn_character hre Barbelin von_Osterreich, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Barbelin von_Osterreich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbelin von_Osterreich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbelin von_Osterreich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbelin von_Osterreich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Barbelin von_Osterreich, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Denise Gonzague
			spawn_character france Denise Gonzague, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Denise Gonzague" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Denise Gonzague" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Denise Gonzague" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Denise Gonzague" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Denise Gonzague, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Claire Grisegonelle
			spawn_character france Claire Grisegonelle, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Claire Grisegonelle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Claire Grisegonelle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Claire Grisegonelle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Claire Grisegonelle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Claire Grisegonelle, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Be#atrice d_Eu
			spawn_character france Be#atrice d_Eu, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice d_Eu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice d_Eu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice d_Eu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice d_Eu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Be#atrice d_Eu, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giselle de_la_Chapelle
			spawn_character france Giselle de_la_Chapelle, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_la_Chapelle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_la_Chapelle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_la_Chapelle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_la_Chapelle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giselle de_la_Chapelle, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gunhild Bjarksen
			spawn_character denmark Gunhild Bjarksen, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild Bjarksen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild Bjarksen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild Bjarksen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild Bjarksen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gunhild Bjarksen, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Thyra af_Om
			spawn_character denmark Thyra af_Om, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Thyra af_Om" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra af_Om" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra af_Om" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra af_Om" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Thyra af_Om, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gunvor af_Sjaelland
			spawn_character denmark Gunvor af_Sjaelland, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Gunvor af_Sjaelland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunvor af_Sjaelland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunvor af_Sjaelland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunvor af_Sjaelland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gunvor af_Sjaelland, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Edla Ravn
			spawn_character denmark Edla Ravn, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Edla Ravn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Edla Ravn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Edla Ravn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Edla Ravn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Edla Ravn, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Hedda av_Talgje
			spawn_character norway Hedda av_Talgje, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Hedda av_Talgje" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedda av_Talgje" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedda av_Talgje" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedda av_Talgje" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hedda av_Talgje, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Snofrid Budde
			spawn_character norway Snofrid Budde, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Snofrid Budde" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Snofrid Budde" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Snofrid Budde" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Snofrid Budde" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Snofrid Budde, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ashild av_Enebakk
			spawn_character norway Ashild av_Enebakk, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ashild av_Enebakk" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ashild av_Enebakk" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ashild av_Enebakk" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ashild av_Enebakk" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ashild av_Enebakk, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Terese av_Hvaler
			spawn_character norway Terese av_Hvaler, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Terese av_Hvaler" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese av_Hvaler" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese av_Hvaler" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese av_Hvaler" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Terese av_Hvaler, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Aldonza Pedraza
			spawn_character spain Aldonza Pedraza, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza Pedraza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza Pedraza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza Pedraza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza Pedraza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldonza Pedraza, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Manuela de_Ubeda
			spawn_character spain Manuela de_Ubeda, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Manuela de_Ubeda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela de_Ubeda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela de_Ubeda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela de_Ubeda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Manuela de_Ubeda, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Victoria Olivar
			spawn_character spain Victoria Olivar, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Victoria Olivar" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Victoria Olivar" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Victoria Olivar" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Victoria Olivar" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Victoria Olivar, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mencia de_la_Reina
			spawn_character spain Mencia de_la_Reina, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Mencia de_la_Reina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mencia de_la_Reina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mencia de_la_Reina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mencia de_la_Reina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mencia de_la_Reina, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Damiata Cajal
			spawn_character aragon Damiata Cajal, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Cajal" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Cajal" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Cajal" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Damiata Cajal" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Damiata Cajal, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elisenda de_Pina
			spawn_character aragon Elisenda de_Pina, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda de_Pina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda de_Pina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda de_Pina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda de_Pina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisenda de_Pina, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bri#gida Gatell
			spawn_character aragon Bri#gida Gatell, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Bri#gida Gatell" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bri#gida Gatell" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bri#gida Gatell" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bri#gida Gatell" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bri#gida Gatell, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nieus Legaz
			spawn_character aragon Nieus Legaz, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Nieus Legaz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nieus Legaz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nieus Legaz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nieus Legaz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nieus Legaz, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Carla de_Sa
			spawn_character portugal Carla de_Sa, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Carla de_Sa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Carla de_Sa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Carla de_Sa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Carla de_Sa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Carla de_Sa, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Filipa de_Sousa
			spawn_character portugal Filipa de_Sousa, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Filipa de_Sousa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa de_Sousa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa de_Sousa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa de_Sousa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Filipa de_Sousa, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luzia Amaral
			spawn_character portugal Luzia Amaral, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Luzia Amaral" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luzia Amaral" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luzia Amaral" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luzia Amaral" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luzia Amaral, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catarina Fernandes
			spawn_character portugal Catarina Fernandes, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Fernandes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Fernandes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Fernandes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Fernandes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catarina Fernandes, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Micole d_Aquileia
			spawn_character venice Micole d_Aquileia, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Micole d_Aquileia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Micole d_Aquileia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Micole d_Aquileia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Micole d_Aquileia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Micole d_Aquileia, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ginevra Grissani
			spawn_character venice Ginevra Grissani, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ginevra Grissani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ginevra Grissani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ginevra Grissani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ginevra Grissani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ginevra Grissani, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Guglielmina Partecipazio
			spawn_character venice Guglielmina Partecipazio, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Guglielmina Partecipazio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guglielmina Partecipazio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guglielmina Partecipazio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guglielmina Partecipazio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guglielmina Partecipazio, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elisabetta Cavalli
			spawn_character venice Elisabetta Cavalli, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Elisabetta Cavalli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabetta Cavalli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabetta Cavalli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabetta Cavalli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisabetta Cavalli, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Federica Rossi
			spawn_character milan Federica Rossi, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Federica Rossi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Federica Rossi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Federica Rossi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Federica Rossi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Federica Rossi, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Magdalena di_Castello
			spawn_character milan Magdalena di_Castello, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena di_Castello" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena di_Castello" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena di_Castello" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena di_Castello" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magdalena di_Castello, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giordana di_Chiavari
			spawn_character milan Giordana di_Chiavari, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Giordana di_Chiavari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giordana di_Chiavari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giordana di_Chiavari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giordana di_Chiavari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giordana di_Chiavari, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Pasqua Mondello
			spawn_character milan Pasqua Mondello, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Pasqua Mondello" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqua Mondello" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqua Mondello" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqua Mondello" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pasqua Mondello, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Pulchera di_Molfetta
			spawn_character sicily Pulchera di_Molfetta, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Molfetta" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Molfetta" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Molfetta" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pulchera di_Molfetta" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pulchera di_Molfetta, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Litizzia di_Mignano
			spawn_character sicily Litizzia di_Mignano, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Litizzia di_Mignano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Litizzia di_Mignano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Litizzia di_Mignano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Litizzia di_Mignano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Litizzia di_Mignano, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Matilda Castellano
			spawn_character sicily Matilda Castellano, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Castellano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Castellano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Castellano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Castellano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Matilda Castellano, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Filicita di_Minori
			spawn_character sicily Filicita di_Minori, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Filicita di_Minori" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Filicita di_Minori" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Filicita di_Minori" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Filicita di_Minori" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Filicita di_Minori, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Aga#ta Tar
			spawn_character hungary Aga#ta Tar, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Aga#ta Tar" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aga#ta Tar" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aga#ta Tar" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aga#ta Tar" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aga#ta Tar, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adelhaid Kont
			spawn_character hungary Adelhaid Kont, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Kont" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Kont" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Kont" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelhaid Kont" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelhaid Kont, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lea Kesedi
			spawn_character hungary Lea Kesedi, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Lea Kesedi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Kesedi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Kesedi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Kesedi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lea Kesedi, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ilona Radi
			spawn_character hungary Ilona Radi, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ilona Radi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilona Radi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilona Radi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilona Radi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ilona Radi, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ofka Dowbor
			spawn_character poland Ofka Dowbor, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ofka Dowbor" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ofka Dowbor" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ofka Dowbor" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ofka Dowbor" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ofka Dowbor, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Antonia Badura
			spawn_character poland Antonia Badura, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Badura" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Badura" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Badura" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Badura" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Antonia Badura, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anastazja ze_Zbojna
			spawn_character poland Anastazja ze_Zbojna, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Anastazja ze_Zbojna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastazja ze_Zbojna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastazja ze_Zbojna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastazja ze_Zbojna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anastazja ze_Zbojna, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wiaczeslawa z_Jastrzebia
			spawn_character poland Wiaczeslawa z_Jastrzebia, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa z_Jastrzebia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa z_Jastrzebia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa z_Jastrzebia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa z_Jastrzebia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wiaczeslawa z_Jastrzebia, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Regelinda Czarnkowski
			spawn_character lithuania Regelinda Czarnkowski, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Czarnkowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Czarnkowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Czarnkowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Czarnkowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Regelinda Czarnkowski, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jurgita z_Maszkowic
			spawn_character lithuania Jurgita z_Maszkowic, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Jurgita z_Maszkowic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jurgita z_Maszkowic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jurgita z_Maszkowic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jurgita z_Maszkowic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jurgita z_Maszkowic, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Boguslawa Szamotulski
			spawn_character lithuania Boguslawa Szamotulski, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Boguslawa Szamotulski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Boguslawa Szamotulski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Boguslawa Szamotulski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Boguslawa Szamotulski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Boguslawa Szamotulski, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Janczyslawa Lasota
			spawn_character lithuania Janczyslawa Lasota, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Lasota" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Lasota" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Lasota" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Lasota" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Janczyslawa Lasota, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Vasilisa Kalita
			spawn_character kievan_rus Vasilisa Kalita, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Kalita" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Kalita" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Kalita" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Kalita" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vasilisa Kalita, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Iuliania Kaluzhskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Iuliania Kaluzhskii, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Kaluzhskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Kaluzhskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Kaluzhskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Kaluzhskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Iuliania Kaluzhskii, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vseslava Vorontsov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Vseslava Vorontsov, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Vorontsov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Vorontsov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Vorontsov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Vorontsov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vseslava Vorontsov, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Izyaslava Pestroy
			spawn_character kievan_rus Izyaslava Pestroy, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Izyaslava Pestroy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Izyaslava Pestroy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Izyaslava Pestroy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Izyaslava Pestroy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Izyaslava Pestroy, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lyudmila Chelyadnya
			spawn_character russia Lyudmila Chelyadnya, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Chelyadnya" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Chelyadnya" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Chelyadnya" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Chelyadnya" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lyudmila Chelyadnya, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feodora Velyaminov
			spawn_character russia Feodora Velyaminov, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Velyaminov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Velyaminov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Velyaminov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Velyaminov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feodora Velyaminov, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Radoslava Vereiskii
			spawn_character russia Radoslava Vereiskii, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Radoslava Vereiskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Radoslava Vereiskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Radoslava Vereiskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Radoslava Vereiskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Radoslava Vereiskii, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fevronia Rimovskii
			spawn_character russia Fevronia Rimovskii, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Rimovskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Rimovskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Rimovskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fevronia Rimovskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fevronia Rimovskii, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Alienor de_Roye
			spawn_character jerusalem Alienor de_Roye, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Alienor de_Roye" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor de_Roye" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor de_Roye" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienor de_Roye" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alienor de_Roye, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nicole de_Vermandois
			spawn_character jerusalem Nicole de_Vermandois, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Nicole de_Vermandois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole de_Vermandois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole de_Vermandois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole de_Vermandois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicole de_Vermandois, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabeau Brus
			spawn_character jerusalem Isabeau Brus, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau Brus" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau Brus" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau Brus" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau Brus" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabeau Brus, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helvise de_Terra_Galifa
			spawn_character jerusalem Helvise de_Terra_Galifa, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Terra_Galifa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Terra_Galifa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Terra_Galifa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helvise de_Terra_Galifa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helvise de_Terra_Galifa, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Venice = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter venice_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ketevan Jaqeli
			spawn_character georgia Ketevan Jaqeli, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ketevan Jaqeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ketevan Jaqeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ketevan Jaqeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ketevan Jaqeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ketevan Jaqeli, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sorena Gageli
			spawn_character georgia Sorena Gageli, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Sorena Gageli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sorena Gageli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sorena Gageli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sorena Gageli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sorena Gageli, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Salome Bicvinteli
			spawn_character georgia Salome Bicvinteli, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Salome Bicvinteli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Bicvinteli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Bicvinteli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Bicvinteli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Salome Bicvinteli, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mariam Abuserisdze
			spawn_character georgia Mariam Abuserisdze, princess, age 19, x 168, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Mariam Abuserisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mariam Abuserisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mariam Abuserisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mariam Abuserisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mariam Abuserisdze, 168,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter venice_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter venice_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Venice_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Esztergom
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Olympia Psellos
			spawn_character byzantium Olympia Psellos, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Psellos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Psellos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Psellos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Psellos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olympia Psellos, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ekaterina Philosophos
			spawn_character byzantium Ekaterina Philosophos, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Philosophos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Philosophos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Philosophos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Philosophos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ekaterina Philosophos, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosanna Sevastopoulos
			spawn_character byzantium Rosanna Sevastopoulos, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Sevastopoulos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Sevastopoulos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Sevastopoulos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Sevastopoulos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosanna Sevastopoulos, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zoi Strategopoulos
			spawn_character byzantium Zoi Strategopoulos, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Zoi Strategopoulos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoi Strategopoulos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoi Strategopoulos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoi Strategopoulos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zoi Strategopoulos, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gladys Gryffyn
			spawn_character england Gladys Gryffyn, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Gladys Gryffyn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gladys Gryffyn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gladys Gryffyn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gladys Gryffyn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gladys Gryffyn, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ybelote Ferguson
			spawn_character england Ybelote Ferguson, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Ybelote Ferguson" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ybelote Ferguson" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ybelote Ferguson" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ybelote Ferguson" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ybelote Ferguson, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Christina Gylbert
			spawn_character england Christina Gylbert, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Christina Gylbert" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Christina Gylbert" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Christina Gylbert" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Christina Gylbert" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Christina Gylbert, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Herleve Maltravers
			spawn_character england Herleve Maltravers, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Herleve Maltravers" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Herleve Maltravers" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Herleve Maltravers" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Herleve Maltravers" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Herleve Maltravers, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Maud mac_Duibne
			spawn_character scotland Maud mac_Duibne, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Duibne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Duibne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Duibne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maud mac_Duibne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maud mac_Duibne, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mor mac_Ferdomnaig
			spawn_character scotland Mor mac_Ferdomnaig, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Mor mac_Ferdomnaig" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mor mac_Ferdomnaig" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mor mac_Ferdomnaig" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mor mac_Ferdomnaig" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mor mac_Ferdomnaig, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Afraig mac_Matni
			spawn_character scotland Afraig mac_Matni, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Afraig mac_Matni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Afraig mac_Matni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Afraig mac_Matni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Afraig mac_Matni" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Afraig mac_Matni, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adeline mac_Muiredaich
			spawn_character scotland Adeline mac_Muiredaich, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Muiredaich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Muiredaich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Muiredaich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adeline mac_Muiredaich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adeline mac_Muiredaich, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Alheit Mutschler
			spawn_character hre Alheit Mutschler, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Mutschler" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Mutschler" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Mutschler" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alheit Mutschler" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alheit Mutschler, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marlein Pleydenwurff
			spawn_character hre Marlein Pleydenwurff, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Marlein Pleydenwurff" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marlein Pleydenwurff" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marlein Pleydenwurff" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marlein Pleydenwurff" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marlein Pleydenwurff, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna von_Sulzbach
			spawn_character hre Anna von_Sulzbach, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Anna von_Sulzbach" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna von_Sulzbach" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna von_Sulzbach" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna von_Sulzbach" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna von_Sulzbach, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jonata von_Lothringen
			spawn_character hre Jonata von_Lothringen, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Jonata von_Lothringen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jonata von_Lothringen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jonata von_Lothringen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jonata von_Lothringen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jonata von_Lothringen, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Almodis de_Vienne
			spawn_character france Almodis de_Vienne, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Almodis de_Vienne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Almodis de_Vienne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Almodis de_Vienne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Almodis de_Vienne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Almodis de_Vienne, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Genevieve de_Montauban
			spawn_character france Genevieve de_Montauban, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Montauban" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Montauban" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Montauban" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Montauban" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Genevieve de_Montauban, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Laurette d_Houdetot
			spawn_character france Laurette d_Houdetot, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Laurette d_Houdetot" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette d_Houdetot" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette d_Houdetot" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette d_Houdetot" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Laurette d_Houdetot, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mabile de_Blois
			spawn_character france Mabile de_Blois, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Mabile de_Blois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabile de_Blois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabile de_Blois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabile de_Blois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mabile de_Blois, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Solveig Mikkelsen
			spawn_character denmark Solveig Mikkelsen, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Solveig Mikkelsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Solveig Mikkelsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Solveig Mikkelsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Solveig Mikkelsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Solveig Mikkelsen, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rikissa Marsvin
			spawn_character denmark Rikissa Marsvin, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Rikissa Marsvin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rikissa Marsvin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rikissa Marsvin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rikissa Marsvin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rikissa Marsvin, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Svanhvide Jarl
			spawn_character denmark Svanhvide Jarl, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Svanhvide Jarl" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhvide Jarl" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhvide Jarl" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhvide Jarl" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Svanhvide Jarl, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ase Mogenssen
			spawn_character denmark Ase Mogenssen, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Ase Mogenssen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ase Mogenssen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ase Mogenssen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ase Mogenssen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ase Mogenssen, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Irene av_Moss
			spawn_character norway Irene av_Moss, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Irene av_Moss" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene av_Moss" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene av_Moss" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene av_Moss" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irene av_Moss, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brita av_Haug
			spawn_character norway Brita av_Haug, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Brita av_Haug" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brita av_Haug" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brita av_Haug" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brita av_Haug" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brita av_Haug, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nora Ronning
			spawn_character norway Nora Ronning, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Nora Ronning" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nora Ronning" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nora Ronning" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nora Ronning" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nora Ronning, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Silje av_Naumadal
			spawn_character norway Silje av_Naumadal, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Silje av_Naumadal" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Silje av_Naumadal" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Silje av_Naumadal" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Silje av_Naumadal" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Silje av_Naumadal, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gregoria de_Pallares
			spawn_character spain Gregoria de_Pallares, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria de_Pallares" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria de_Pallares" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria de_Pallares" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria de_Pallares" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gregoria de_Pallares, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Engracia Correa
			spawn_character spain Engracia Correa, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Engracia Correa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Engracia Correa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Engracia Correa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Engracia Correa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Engracia Correa, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elvira de_Tarancon
			spawn_character spain Elvira de_Tarancon, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Elvira de_Tarancon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira de_Tarancon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira de_Tarancon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira de_Tarancon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvira de_Tarancon, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Magdalena Medinaceli
			spawn_character spain Magdalena Medinaceli, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Medinaceli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Medinaceli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Medinaceli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdalena Medinaceli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magdalena Medinaceli, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ines de_Vilamur
			spawn_character aragon Ines de_Vilamur, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Vilamur" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Vilamur" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Vilamur" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Vilamur" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ines de_Vilamur, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Violan d_Atares
			spawn_character aragon Violan d_Atares, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Violan d_Atares" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Violan d_Atares" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Violan d_Atares" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Violan d_Atares" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Violan d_Atares, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Raimunda de_Luesia
			spawn_character aragon Raimunda de_Luesia, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda de_Luesia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda de_Luesia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda de_Luesia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda de_Luesia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raimunda de_Luesia, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Martina d_Abargues
			spawn_character aragon Martina d_Abargues, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Martina d_Abargues" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina d_Abargues" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina d_Abargues" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina d_Abargues" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martina d_Abargues, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Marta Pascoal
			spawn_character portugal Marta Pascoal, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Marta Pascoal" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Pascoal" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Pascoal" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Pascoal" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marta Pascoal, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cristina Nobre
			spawn_character portugal Cristina Nobre, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Nobre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Nobre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Nobre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Nobre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristina Nobre, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sancha de_Lima
			spawn_character portugal Sancha de_Lima, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Sancha de_Lima" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha de_Lima" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha de_Lima" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha de_Lima" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sancha de_Lima, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jacinta Azevedo
			spawn_character portugal Jacinta Azevedo, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Azevedo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Azevedo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Azevedo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Azevedo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jacinta Azevedo, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Iacobetta da_Milano
			spawn_character venice Iacobetta da_Milano, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Iacobetta da_Milano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Iacobetta da_Milano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Iacobetta da_Milano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Iacobetta da_Milano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Iacobetta da_Milano, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helena Favero
			spawn_character venice Helena Favero, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Helena Favero" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Favero" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Favero" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Favero" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena Favero, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tomasina Venier
			spawn_character venice Tomasina Venier, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Venier" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Venier" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Venier" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Venier" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tomasina Venier, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Penina Grimani
			spawn_character venice Penina Grimani, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Penina Grimani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina Grimani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina Grimani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina Grimani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Penina Grimani, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Annetta Canobio
			spawn_character milan Annetta Canobio, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Annetta Canobio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta Canobio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta Canobio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta Canobio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Annetta Canobio, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Caterina di_Loano
			spawn_character milan Caterina di_Loano, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Caterina di_Loano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina di_Loano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina di_Loano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Caterina di_Loano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Caterina di_Loano, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Novella di_Chiavari
			spawn_character milan Novella di_Chiavari, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Novella di_Chiavari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Novella di_Chiavari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Novella di_Chiavari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Novella di_Chiavari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Novella di_Chiavari, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Roberta di_Mantua
			spawn_character milan Roberta di_Mantua, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Roberta di_Mantua" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Roberta di_Mantua" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Roberta di_Mantua" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Roberta di_Mantua" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Roberta di_Mantua, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elvira di_Corato
			spawn_character sicily Elvira di_Corato, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Elvira di_Corato" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira di_Corato" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira di_Corato" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira di_Corato" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvira di_Corato, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Libbirata di_Galluccio
			spawn_character sicily Libbirata di_Galluccio, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Libbirata di_Galluccio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Libbirata di_Galluccio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Libbirata di_Galluccio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Libbirata di_Galluccio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Libbirata di_Galluccio, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Emma di_Taverna
			spawn_character sicily Emma di_Taverna, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Emma di_Taverna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma di_Taverna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma di_Taverna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma di_Taverna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Emma di_Taverna, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gemma di_Mazara
			spawn_character sicily Gemma di_Mazara, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Gemma di_Mazara" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gemma di_Mazara" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gemma di_Mazara" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gemma di_Mazara" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gemma di_Mazara, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Kla#ra a_Borsa_nembol
			spawn_character hungary Kla#ra a_Borsa_nembol, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Kla#ra a_Borsa_nembol" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kla#ra a_Borsa_nembol" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kla#ra a_Borsa_nembol" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kla#ra a_Borsa_nembol" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kla#ra a_Borsa_nembol, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ancilla Besenyo
			spawn_character hungary Ancilla Besenyo, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Besenyo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Besenyo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Besenyo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Besenyo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ancilla Besenyo, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Krisztina Joo
			spawn_character hungary Krisztina Joo, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Krisztina Joo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Krisztina Joo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Krisztina Joo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Krisztina Joo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Krisztina Joo, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lea Szentmagocs
			spawn_character hungary Lea Szentmagocs, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Lea Szentmagocs" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Szentmagocs" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Szentmagocs" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lea Szentmagocs" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lea Szentmagocs, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Janczyslawa z_Morawic
			spawn_character poland Janczyslawa z_Morawic, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa z_Morawic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa z_Morawic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa z_Morawic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa z_Morawic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Janczyslawa z_Morawic, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria Badura
			spawn_character poland Maria Badura, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Maria Badura" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Badura" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Badura" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Badura" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria Badura, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wiaczeslawa Wielkopolski
			spawn_character poland Wiaczeslawa Wielkopolski, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa Wielkopolski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa Wielkopolski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa Wielkopolski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa Wielkopolski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wiaczeslawa Wielkopolski, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ryksa Bninski
			spawn_character poland Ryksa Bninski, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Bninski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Bninski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Bninski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryksa Bninski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ryksa Bninski, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Krystyna Surma
			spawn_character lithuania Krystyna Surma, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Krystyna Surma" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Krystyna Surma" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Krystyna Surma" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Krystyna Surma" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Krystyna Surma, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Urszula z_Morawic
			spawn_character lithuania Urszula z_Morawic, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Morawic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Morawic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Morawic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula z_Morawic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Urszula z_Morawic, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dzieslawa Chrzastowski
			spawn_character lithuania Dzieslawa Chrzastowski, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa Chrzastowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa Chrzastowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa Chrzastowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dzieslawa Chrzastowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dzieslawa Chrzastowski, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gertruda Czarnecki
			spawn_character lithuania Gertruda Czarnecki, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Gertruda Czarnecki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertruda Czarnecki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertruda Czarnecki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gertruda Czarnecki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gertruda Czarnecki, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Predeslava Belozerskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Predeslava Belozerskii, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Predeslava Belozerskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Predeslava Belozerskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Predeslava Belozerskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Predeslava Belozerskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Predeslava Belozerskii, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ekaterina Tucha
			spawn_character kievan_rus Ekaterina Tucha, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Tucha" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Tucha" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Tucha" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Tucha" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ekaterina Tucha, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lyubava Pinskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Lyubava Pinskii, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Pinskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Pinskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Pinskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyubava Pinskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lyubava Pinskii, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kupava Rimovskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Kupava Rimovskii, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Rimovskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Rimovskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Rimovskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Rimovskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kupava Rimovskii, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Akulina Reut
			spawn_character russia Akulina Reut, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Akulina Reut" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Akulina Reut" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Akulina Reut" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Akulina Reut" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Akulina Reut, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Praskovia Glebov
			spawn_character russia Praskovia Glebov, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Glebov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Glebov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Glebov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Glebov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Praskovia Glebov, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natalia Shemyaka
			spawn_character russia Natalia Shemyaka, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Shemyaka" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Shemyaka" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Shemyaka" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Shemyaka" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Shemyaka, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kupava Mozhayskii
			spawn_character russia Kupava Mozhayskii, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Mozhayskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Mozhayskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Mozhayskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kupava Mozhayskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kupava Mozhayskii, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Euphemie de_Chartres
			spawn_character jerusalem Euphemie de_Chartres, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Euphemie de_Chartres" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemie de_Chartres" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemie de_Chartres" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphemie de_Chartres" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Euphemie de_Chartres, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Morphia de_Caymont
			spawn_character jerusalem Morphia de_Caymont, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Morphia de_Caymont" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Morphia de_Caymont" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Morphia de_Caymont" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Morphia de_Caymont" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Morphia de_Caymont, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Etiennette de_Bazoches
			spawn_character jerusalem Etiennette de_Bazoches, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Etiennette de_Bazoches" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Etiennette de_Bazoches" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Etiennette de_Bazoches" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Etiennette de_Bazoches" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Etiennette de_Bazoches, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adele de_Souabe
			spawn_character jerusalem Adele de_Souabe, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Souabe" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Souabe" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Souabe" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele de_Souabe" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adele de_Souabe, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Esztergom = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Natia Cixisjvareli
			spawn_character georgia Natia Cixisjvareli, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Natia Cixisjvareli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natia Cixisjvareli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natia Cixisjvareli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natia Cixisjvareli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natia Cixisjvareli, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eliso Gurieli
			spawn_character georgia Eliso Gurieli, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Eliso Gurieli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eliso Gurieli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eliso Gurieli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eliso Gurieli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eliso Gurieli, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ia Inasaradze
			spawn_character georgia Ia Inasaradze, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Ia Inasaradze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Inasaradze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Inasaradze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Inasaradze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ia Inasaradze, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Burdukhan Donauri
			spawn_character georgia Burdukhan Donauri, princess, age 19, x 213, y 190
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Donauri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Donauri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Donauri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Donauri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Burdukhan Donauri, 212,190
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter esztergom_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter esztergom_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Esztergom_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Milan
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anna_I Agrites
			spawn_character byzantium Anna_I Agrites, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Agrites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Agrites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Agrites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Agrites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna_I Agrites, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Xenia Klaudiopolites
			spawn_character byzantium Xenia Klaudiopolites, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Xenia Klaudiopolites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Xenia Klaudiopolites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Xenia Klaudiopolites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Xenia Klaudiopolites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Xenia Klaudiopolites, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agathi Bryennios
			spawn_character byzantium Agathi Bryennios, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Agathi Bryennios" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agathi Bryennios" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agathi Bryennios" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agathi Bryennios" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agathi Bryennios, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maritza Chotzas
			spawn_character byzantium Maritza Chotzas, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Chotzas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Chotzas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Chotzas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Chotzas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maritza Chotzas, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Jane Ferguson
			spawn_character england Jane Ferguson, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Jane Ferguson" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jane Ferguson" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jane Ferguson" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jane Ferguson" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jane Ferguson, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Katherine Knollis
			spawn_character england Katherine Knollis, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Katherine Knollis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherine Knollis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherine Knollis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherine Knollis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Katherine Knollis, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marjorie of_Borcastle
			spawn_character england Marjorie of_Borcastle, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Marjorie of_Borcastle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marjorie of_Borcastle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marjorie of_Borcastle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marjorie of_Borcastle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marjorie of_Borcastle, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosamund Skynner
			spawn_character england Rosamund Skynner, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Rosamund Skynner" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosamund Skynner" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosamund Skynner" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosamund Skynner" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosamund Skynner, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mairead mac_Matadin
			spawn_character scotland Mairead mac_Matadin, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Matadin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Matadin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Matadin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Matadin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mairead mac_Matadin, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bethoc mac_Ruadri
			spawn_character scotland Bethoc mac_Ruadri, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Bethoc mac_Ruadri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bethoc mac_Ruadri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bethoc mac_Ruadri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bethoc mac_Ruadri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bethoc mac_Ruadri, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joan mac_Mail_Muire
			spawn_character scotland Joan mac_Mail_Muire, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Mail_Muire" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Mail_Muire" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Mail_Muire" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan mac_Mail_Muire" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joan mac_Mail_Muire, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aileas mac_Feradaich
			spawn_character scotland Aileas mac_Feradaich, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Aileas mac_Feradaich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aileas mac_Feradaich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aileas mac_Feradaich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aileas mac_Feradaich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aileas mac_Feradaich, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Barbel Plittersdorf
			spawn_character hre Barbel Plittersdorf, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Barbel Plittersdorf" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbel Plittersdorf" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbel Plittersdorf" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbel Plittersdorf" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Barbel Plittersdorf, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Grethlin Vinke
			spawn_character hre Grethlin Vinke, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin Vinke" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin Vinke" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin Vinke" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin Vinke" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Grethlin Vinke, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jonata Ansbach
			spawn_character hre Jonata Ansbach, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Jonata Ansbach" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jonata Ansbach" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jonata Ansbach" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jonata Ansbach" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jonata Ansbach, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fronicka von_Wurttemberg
			spawn_character hre Fronicka von_Wurttemberg, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Fronicka von_Wurttemberg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fronicka von_Wurttemberg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fronicka von_Wurttemberg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fronicka von_Wurttemberg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fronicka von_Wurttemberg, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eleonore de_Lusignan
			spawn_character france Eleonore de_Lusignan, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore de_Lusignan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore de_Lusignan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore de_Lusignan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore de_Lusignan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eleonore de_Lusignan, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anne de_l_Etang
			spawn_character france Anne de_l_Etang, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Anne de_l_Etang" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne de_l_Etang" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne de_l_Etang" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne de_l_Etang" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anne de_l_Etang, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agne#s de_Guise
			spawn_character france Agne#s de_Guise, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s de_Guise" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s de_Guise" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s de_Guise" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s de_Guise" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agne#s de_Guise, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adele d_Arc
			spawn_character france Adele d_Arc, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Adele d_Arc" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele d_Arc" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele d_Arc" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adele d_Arc" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adele d_Arc, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Hildegard af_Rugen
			spawn_character denmark Hildegard af_Rugen, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Hildegard af_Rugen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hildegard af_Rugen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hildegard af_Rugen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hildegard af_Rugen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hildegard af_Rugen, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Svanhild af_Angermanland
			spawn_character denmark Svanhild af_Angermanland, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Svanhild af_Angermanland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhild af_Angermanland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhild af_Angermanland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhild af_Angermanland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Svanhild af_Angermanland, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Yrsa Lundvid
			spawn_character denmark Yrsa Lundvid, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa Lundvid" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa Lundvid" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa Lundvid" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Yrsa Lundvid" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Yrsa Lundvid, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ovura Bard
			spawn_character denmark Ovura Bard, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ovura Bard" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ovura Bard" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ovura Bard" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ovura Bard" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ovura Bard, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eyja av_Sogn
			spawn_character norway Eyja av_Sogn, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Eyja av_Sogn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eyja av_Sogn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eyja av_Sogn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eyja av_Sogn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eyja av_Sogn, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ingeborg av_Hustad
			spawn_character norway Ingeborg av_Hustad, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ingeborg av_Hustad" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeborg av_Hustad" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeborg av_Hustad" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeborg av_Hustad" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ingeborg av_Hustad, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sofie av_Trondelag
			spawn_character norway Sofie av_Trondelag, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Sofie av_Trondelag" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofie av_Trondelag" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofie av_Trondelag" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofie av_Trondelag" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sofie av_Trondelag, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Birgit Ellingsen
			spawn_character norway Birgit Ellingsen, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Birgit Ellingsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Birgit Ellingsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Birgit Ellingsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Birgit Ellingsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Birgit Ellingsen, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Juana Torres
			spawn_character spain Juana Torres, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Juana Torres" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Juana Torres" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Juana Torres" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Juana Torres" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Juana Torres, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Clara de_Albuquerque
			spawn_character spain Clara de_Albuquerque, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Clara de_Albuquerque" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara de_Albuquerque" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara de_Albuquerque" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara de_Albuquerque" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Clara de_Albuquerque, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Celestina Ribero
			spawn_character spain Celestina Ribero, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Celestina Ribero" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Celestina Ribero" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Celestina Ribero" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Celestina Ribero" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Celestina Ribero, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Leonor de_Ucero
			spawn_character spain Leonor de_Ucero, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Leonor de_Ucero" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Leonor de_Ucero" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Leonor de_Ucero" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Leonor de_Ucero" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Leonor de_Ucero, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ursula de_Gandia
			spawn_character aragon Ursula de_Gandia, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ursula de_Gandia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula de_Gandia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula de_Gandia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula de_Gandia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ursula de_Gandia, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabel Yagut
			spawn_character aragon Isabel Yagut, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Yagut" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Yagut" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Yagut" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Yagut" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabel Yagut, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bureta Grau
			spawn_character aragon Bureta Grau, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Bureta Grau" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bureta Grau" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bureta Grau" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bureta Grau" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bureta Grau, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Izarbe d_Embun
			spawn_character aragon Izarbe d_Embun, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Izarbe d_Embun" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Izarbe d_Embun" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Izarbe d_Embun" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Izarbe d_Embun" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Izarbe d_Embun, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Imaculada Antunes
			spawn_character portugal Imaculada Antunes, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Antunes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Antunes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Antunes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Antunes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Imaculada Antunes, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Madalena Bastos
			spawn_character portugal Madalena Bastos, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Madalena Bastos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Madalena Bastos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Madalena Bastos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Madalena Bastos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Madalena Bastos, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ju#lia da_Ponte
			spawn_character portugal Ju#lia da_Ponte, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia da_Ponte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia da_Ponte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia da_Ponte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia da_Ponte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ju#lia da_Ponte, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Raquel Figueiredo
			spawn_character portugal Raquel Figueiredo, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Figueiredo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Figueiredo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Figueiredo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Figueiredo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raquel Figueiredo, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Helena Pasqualigo
			spawn_character venice Helena Pasqualigo, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Helena Pasqualigo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Pasqualigo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Pasqualigo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena Pasqualigo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena Pasqualigo, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Pasqualina Bollani
			spawn_character venice Pasqualina Bollani, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Pasqualina Bollani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqualina Bollani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqualina Bollani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pasqualina Bollani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pasqualina Bollani, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catarina Marcello
			spawn_character venice Catarina Marcello, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Marcello" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Marcello" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Marcello" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Marcello" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catarina Marcello, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teodora Cicogna
			spawn_character venice Teodora Cicogna, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Cicogna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Cicogna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Cicogna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teodora Cicogna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teodora Cicogna, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Fiametta di_Pontedecimo
			spawn_character milan Fiametta di_Pontedecimo, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta di_Pontedecimo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta di_Pontedecimo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta di_Pontedecimo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta di_Pontedecimo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fiametta di_Pontedecimo, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Letta Pallavicino
			spawn_character milan Letta Pallavicino, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Letta Pallavicino" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta Pallavicino" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta Pallavicino" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta Pallavicino" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Letta Pallavicino, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Annetta da_Genova
			spawn_character milan Annetta da_Genova, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Annetta da_Genova" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta da_Genova" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta da_Genova" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Annetta da_Genova" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Annetta da_Genova, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marta da_Torino
			spawn_character milan Marta da_Torino, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Marta da_Torino" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta da_Torino" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta da_Torino" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta da_Torino" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marta da_Torino, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Livia Modica
			spawn_character sicily Livia Modica, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Livia Modica" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Livia Modica" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Livia Modica" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Livia Modica" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Livia Modica, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Virginia di_Conversano
			spawn_character sicily Virginia di_Conversano, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Virginia di_Conversano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia di_Conversano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia di_Conversano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Virginia di_Conversano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Virginia di_Conversano, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lisciannira Cristaldi
			spawn_character sicily Lisciannira Cristaldi, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Lisciannira Cristaldi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisciannira Cristaldi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisciannira Cristaldi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisciannira Cristaldi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lisciannira Cristaldi, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cristina di_Balvano
			spawn_character sicily Cristina di_Balvano, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Balvano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Balvano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Balvano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina di_Balvano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristina di_Balvano, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Zsuzsanna Kan
			spawn_character hungary Zsuzsanna Kan, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Kan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Kan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Kan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Kan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zsuzsanna Kan, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rozsa Sarlodi
			spawn_character hungary Rozsa Sarlodi, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Sarlodi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Sarlodi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Sarlodi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Sarlodi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rozsa Sarlodi, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatrix Nagylaki
			spawn_character hungary Beatrix Nagylaki, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix Nagylaki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix Nagylaki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix Nagylaki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrix Nagylaki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatrix Nagylaki, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Szines Kaszadi
			spawn_character hungary Szines Kaszadi, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Szines Kaszadi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Kaszadi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Kaszadi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Szines Kaszadi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Szines Kaszadi, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Pakoslawa Ciolek
			spawn_character poland Pakoslawa Ciolek, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Pakoslawa Ciolek" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pakoslawa Ciolek" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pakoslawa Ciolek" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pakoslawa Ciolek" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pakoslawa Ciolek, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobrawa Oporowski
			spawn_character poland Dobrawa Oporowski, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa Oporowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa Oporowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa Oporowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa Oporowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobrawa Oporowski, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobromila Leszczynski
			spawn_character poland Dobromila Leszczynski, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila Leszczynski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila Leszczynski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila Leszczynski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila Leszczynski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobromila Leszczynski, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kazimiera Czarnkowski
			spawn_character poland Kazimiera Czarnkowski, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Czarnkowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Czarnkowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Czarnkowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Czarnkowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kazimiera Czarnkowski, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Jurgita z_Brzezia
			spawn_character lithuania Jurgita z_Brzezia, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Jurgita z_Brzezia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jurgita z_Brzezia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jurgita z_Brzezia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jurgita z_Brzezia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jurgita z_Brzezia, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Daiva z_Kozichglow
			spawn_character lithuania Daiva z_Kozichglow, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Daiva z_Kozichglow" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiva z_Kozichglow" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiva z_Kozichglow" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiva z_Kozichglow" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Daiva z_Kozichglow, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Leslawa z_Morawic
			spawn_character lithuania Leslawa z_Morawic, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Leslawa z_Morawic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Leslawa z_Morawic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Leslawa z_Morawic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Leslawa z_Morawic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Leslawa z_Morawic, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zbyslawa Zawada
			spawn_character lithuania Zbyslawa Zawada, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Zawada" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Zawada" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Zawada" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zbyslawa Zawada" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zbyslawa Zawada, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Glikeria Bogolyubskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Glikeria Bogolyubskii, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Bogolyubskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Bogolyubskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Bogolyubskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Bogolyubskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Glikeria Bogolyubskii, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatiana Glebov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Tatiana Glebov, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Glebov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Glebov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Glebov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Glebov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatiana Glebov, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vseslava Terebovlskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Vseslava Terebovlskii, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Terebovlskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Terebovlskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Terebovlskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Terebovlskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vseslava Terebovlskii, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nadezhda Galitskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Nadezhda Galitskii, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Galitskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Galitskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Galitskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Galitskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nadezhda Galitskii, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agrafena Belevskii
			spawn_character russia Agrafena Belevskii, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Belevskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Belevskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Belevskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Belevskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agrafena Belevskii, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nadezhda Polotskii
			spawn_character russia Nadezhda Polotskii, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Polotskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Polotskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Polotskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nadezhda Polotskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nadezhda Polotskii, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobrogneva Velyaminov
			spawn_character russia Dobrogneva Velyaminov, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Dobrogneva Velyaminov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrogneva Velyaminov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrogneva Velyaminov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrogneva Velyaminov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobrogneva Velyaminov, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Irina Istoma
			spawn_character russia Irina Istoma, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Irina Istoma" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Istoma" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Istoma" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Istoma" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irina Istoma, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Catherine d_Hambourg
			spawn_character jerusalem Catherine d_Hambourg, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Catherine d_Hambourg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine d_Hambourg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine d_Hambourg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine d_Hambourg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catherine d_Hambourg, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hodierne de_Toulouse
			spawn_character jerusalem Hodierne de_Toulouse, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Toulouse" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Toulouse" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Toulouse" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Toulouse" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hodierne de_Toulouse, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Orgueilleuse de_Saint_Amand
			spawn_character jerusalem Orgueilleuse de_Saint_Amand, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse de_Saint_Amand" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse de_Saint_Amand" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse de_Saint_Amand" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orgueilleuse de_Saint_Amand" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orgueilleuse de_Saint_Amand, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Be#atrice de_Fauquembergues
			spawn_character jerusalem Be#atrice de_Fauquembergues, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice de_Fauquembergues" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice de_Fauquembergues" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice de_Fauquembergues" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Be#atrice de_Fauquembergues" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Be#atrice de_Fauquembergues, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Milan = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter milan_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Darejan Arishiani
			spawn_character georgia Darejan Arishiani, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Arishiani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Arishiani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Arishiani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Arishiani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Darejan Arishiani, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamar Svani
			spawn_character georgia Tamar Svani, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Svani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Svani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Svani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Svani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamar Svani, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Borena Cqondideli
			spawn_character georgia Borena Cqondideli, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Borena Cqondideli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Cqondideli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Cqondideli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Borena Cqondideli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Borena Cqondideli, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eter Inasaradze
			spawn_character georgia Eter Inasaradze, princess, age 19, x 144, y 172
			console_command give_trait "Eter Inasaradze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Inasaradze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Inasaradze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eter Inasaradze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eter Inasaradze, 144,173
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter milan_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter milan_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Milan_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Edinburgh
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Aleksandra Agapetos
			spawn_character byzantium Aleksandra Agapetos, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Agapetos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Agapetos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Agapetos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aleksandra Agapetos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aleksandra Agapetos, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sophia_I Mastaurenos
			spawn_character byzantium Sophia_I Mastaurenos, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Mastaurenos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Mastaurenos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Mastaurenos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophia_I Mastaurenos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sophia_I Mastaurenos, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Olympia Kamaches
			spawn_character byzantium Olympia Kamaches, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Kamaches" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Kamaches" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Kamaches" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olympia Kamaches" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olympia Kamaches, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Martina Gabrielopoulos
			spawn_character byzantium Martina Gabrielopoulos, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Martina Gabrielopoulos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina Gabrielopoulos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina Gabrielopoulos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martina Gabrielopoulos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martina Gabrielopoulos, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Adelicia Becket
			spawn_character england Adelicia Becket, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Adelicia Becket" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelicia Becket" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelicia Becket" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelicia Becket" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelicia Becket, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Julia of_Durham
			spawn_character england Julia of_Durham, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Julia of_Durham" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Julia of_Durham" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Julia of_Durham" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Julia of_Durham" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Julia of_Durham, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aldet of_Merryfield
			spawn_character england Aldet of_Merryfield, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Aldet of_Merryfield" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldet of_Merryfield" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldet of_Merryfield" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldet of_Merryfield" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldet of_Merryfield, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margaret Rydon
			spawn_character england Margaret Rydon, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Margaret Rydon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margaret Rydon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margaret Rydon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margaret Rydon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margaret Rydon, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ealasaid mac_Algune
			spawn_character scotland Ealasaid mac_Algune, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Algune" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Algune" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Algune" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Algune" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ealasaid mac_Algune, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marsaili mac_Feradaich
			spawn_character scotland Marsaili mac_Feradaich, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Marsaili mac_Feradaich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marsaili mac_Feradaich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marsaili mac_Feradaich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marsaili mac_Feradaich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marsaili mac_Feradaich, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eithrig mac_Cailean
			spawn_character scotland Eithrig mac_Cailean, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Cailean" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Cailean" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Cailean" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Cailean" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eithrig mac_Cailean, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sibeal mac_Domongairt
			spawn_character scotland Sibeal mac_Domongairt, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Sibeal mac_Domongairt" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibeal mac_Domongairt" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibeal mac_Domongairt" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibeal mac_Domongairt" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sibeal mac_Domongairt, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Applonia Dumpershagen
			spawn_character hre Applonia Dumpershagen, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Applonia Dumpershagen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Applonia Dumpershagen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Applonia Dumpershagen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Applonia Dumpershagen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Applonia Dumpershagen, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Otilia Roht
			spawn_character hre Otilia Roht, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Otilia Roht" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Otilia Roht" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Otilia Roht" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Otilia Roht" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Otilia Roht, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Geras Reusz
			spawn_character hre Geras Reusz, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Geras Reusz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Geras Reusz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Geras Reusz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Geras Reusz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Geras Reusz, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Irmel Liechtenauer
			spawn_character hre Irmel Liechtenauer, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Irmel Liechtenauer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmel Liechtenauer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmel Liechtenauer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irmel Liechtenauer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irmel Liechtenauer, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Jaquelinne de_Lorraine
			spawn_character france Jaquelinne de_Lorraine, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne de_Lorraine" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne de_Lorraine" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne de_Lorraine" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne de_Lorraine" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jaquelinne de_Lorraine, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ermengarde de_Luxembourg
			spawn_character france Ermengarde de_Luxembourg, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde de_Luxembourg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde de_Luxembourg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde de_Luxembourg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde de_Luxembourg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ermengarde de_Luxembourg, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eustachie de_Guernon
			spawn_character france Eustachie de_Guernon, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Eustachie de_Guernon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eustachie de_Guernon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eustachie de_Guernon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eustachie de_Guernon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eustachie de_Guernon, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mathilde de_Clairvaux
			spawn_character france Mathilde de_Clairvaux, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Clairvaux" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Clairvaux" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Clairvaux" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Clairvaux" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mathilde de_Clairvaux, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Thyra Konradsen
			spawn_character denmark Thyra Konradsen, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Konradsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Konradsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Konradsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Konradsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Thyra Konradsen, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Svanhvide Sparre
			spawn_character denmark Svanhvide Sparre, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Svanhvide Sparre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhvide Sparre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhvide Sparre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Svanhvide Sparre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Svanhvide Sparre, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alvida Arneborg
			spawn_character denmark Alvida Arneborg, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Alvida Arneborg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida Arneborg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida Arneborg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida Arneborg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alvida Arneborg, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hedvig Brodersen
			spawn_character denmark Hedvig Brodersen, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig Brodersen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig Brodersen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig Brodersen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedvig Brodersen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hedvig Brodersen, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Freja Bolt
			spawn_character norway Freja Bolt, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Freja Bolt" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Freja Bolt" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Freja Bolt" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Freja Bolt" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Freja Bolt, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Magda af_Dueholm
			spawn_character norway Magda af_Dueholm, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Magda af_Dueholm" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda af_Dueholm" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda af_Dueholm" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda af_Dueholm" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magda af_Dueholm, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marie Finnsen
			spawn_character norway Marie Finnsen, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Marie Finnsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Finnsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Finnsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Finnsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marie Finnsen, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alvida af_Elmelunde
			spawn_character norway Alvida af_Elmelunde, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Elmelunde" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Elmelunde" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Elmelunde" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida af_Elmelunde" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alvida af_Elmelunde, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mari#a Paniagua
			spawn_character spain Mari#a Paniagua, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a Paniagua" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a Paniagua" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a Paniagua" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a Paniagua" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mari#a Paniagua, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatriz Villalobos
			spawn_character spain Beatriz Villalobos, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Villalobos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Villalobos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Villalobos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriz Villalobos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatriz Villalobos, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sancha Galiano
			spawn_character spain Sancha Galiano, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Galiano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Galiano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Galiano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Galiano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sancha Galiano, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ines de_Talavera
			spawn_character spain Ines de_Talavera, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Talavera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Talavera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Talavera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines de_Talavera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ines de_Talavera, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gracia de_Lanaja
			spawn_character aragon Gracia de_Lanaja, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Gracia de_Lanaja" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia de_Lanaja" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia de_Lanaja" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gracia de_Lanaja" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gracia de_Lanaja, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Guallente Dolsa
			spawn_character aragon Guallente Dolsa, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Dolsa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Dolsa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Dolsa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Dolsa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guallente Dolsa, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elisenda Salvat
			spawn_character aragon Elisenda Salvat, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda Salvat" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda Salvat" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda Salvat" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda Salvat" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisenda Salvat, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mari#a Gargallo
			spawn_character aragon Mari#a Gargallo, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a Gargallo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a Gargallo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a Gargallo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a Gargallo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mari#a Gargallo, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lucia Cardoso
			spawn_character portugal Lucia Cardoso, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Cardoso" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Cardoso" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Cardoso" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Cardoso" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucia Cardoso, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists E#va Dinis
			spawn_character portugal E#va Dinis, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "E#va Dinis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Dinis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Dinis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Dinis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move E#va Dinis, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Costanca Bras
			spawn_character portugal Costanca Bras, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Bras" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Bras" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Bras" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Bras" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Costanca Bras, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lurdes Duarte
			spawn_character portugal Lurdes Duarte, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Lurdes Duarte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lurdes Duarte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lurdes Duarte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lurdes Duarte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lurdes Duarte, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Margherita da_Treviso
			spawn_character venice Margherita da_Treviso, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Margherita da_Treviso" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita da_Treviso" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita da_Treviso" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita da_Treviso" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margherita da_Treviso, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luca Bollani
			spawn_character venice Luca Bollani, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Luca Bollani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Bollani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Bollani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Bollani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luca Bollani, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Benvenuta Mastropiero
			spawn_character venice Benvenuta Mastropiero, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Benvenuta Mastropiero" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Benvenuta Mastropiero" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Benvenuta Mastropiero" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Benvenuta Mastropiero" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Benvenuta Mastropiero, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Fiorenza Furlano
			spawn_character venice Fiorenza Furlano, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza Furlano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza Furlano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza Furlano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiorenza Furlano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fiorenza Furlano, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Silvia Sacchi
			spawn_character milan Silvia Sacchi, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Silvia Sacchi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia Sacchi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia Sacchi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia Sacchi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Silvia Sacchi, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Simona de_Marini
			spawn_character milan Simona de_Marini, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Simona de_Marini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Simona de_Marini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Simona de_Marini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Simona de_Marini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Simona de_Marini, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Martinella di_Chiavari
			spawn_character milan Martinella di_Chiavari, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Martinella di_Chiavari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Martinella di_Chiavari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Martinella di_Chiavari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Martinella di_Chiavari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Martinella di_Chiavari, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gisela di_Oria
			spawn_character milan Gisela di_Oria, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Gisela di_Oria" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela di_Oria" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela di_Oria" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela di_Oria" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gisela di_Oria, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Derfina Montalbano
			spawn_character sicily Derfina Montalbano, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Derfina Montalbano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Derfina Montalbano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Derfina Montalbano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Derfina Montalbano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Derfina Montalbano, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Viviana di_Acerenza
			spawn_character sicily Viviana di_Acerenza, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Viviana di_Acerenza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Viviana di_Acerenza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Viviana di_Acerenza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Viviana di_Acerenza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Viviana di_Acerenza, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marianna di_Calatrasi
			spawn_character sicily Marianna di_Calatrasi, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Marianna di_Calatrasi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marianna di_Calatrasi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marianna di_Calatrasi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marianna di_Calatrasi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marianna di_Calatrasi, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rusulia di_Puliano
			spawn_character sicily Rusulia di_Puliano, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Rusulia di_Puliano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusulia di_Puliano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusulia di_Puliano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusulia di_Puliano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rusulia di_Puliano, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Katalin Pok
			spawn_character hungary Katalin Pok, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Pok" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Pok" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Pok" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Pok" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Katalin Pok, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Erzsebet Kaplony
			spawn_character hungary Erzsebet Kaplony, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Erzsebet Kaplony" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Erzsebet Kaplony" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Erzsebet Kaplony" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Erzsebet Kaplony" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Erzsebet Kaplony, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eufemia Brankovics
			spawn_character hungary Eufemia Brankovics, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Brankovics" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Brankovics" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Brankovics" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Brankovics" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eufemia Brankovics, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rozsa Fuleki
			spawn_character hungary Rozsa Fuleki, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Fuleki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Fuleki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Fuleki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rozsa Fuleki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rozsa Fuleki, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Konstancja Olesnicki
			spawn_character poland Konstancja Olesnicki, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja Olesnicki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja Olesnicki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja Olesnicki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstancja Olesnicki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Konstancja Olesnicki, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elzbieta z_Michalowa
			spawn_character poland Elzbieta z_Michalowa, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Elzbieta z_Michalowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elzbieta z_Michalowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elzbieta z_Michalowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elzbieta z_Michalowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elzbieta z_Michalowa, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wierzchoslawa Bugaj
			spawn_character poland Wierzchoslawa Bugaj, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa Bugaj" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa Bugaj" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa Bugaj" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa Bugaj" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wierzchoslawa Bugaj, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Antonia Bazynski
			spawn_character poland Antonia Bazynski, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Bazynski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Bazynski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Bazynski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Antonia Bazynski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Antonia Bazynski, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eufrozyna Szamotulski
			spawn_character lithuania Eufrozyna Szamotulski, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Eufrozyna Szamotulski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrozyna Szamotulski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrozyna Szamotulski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufrozyna Szamotulski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eufrozyna Szamotulski, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Migle Ustalica
			spawn_character lithuania Migle Ustalica, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Migle Ustalica" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Migle Ustalica" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Migle Ustalica" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Migle Ustalica" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Migle Ustalica, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aldona Woloszyn
			spawn_character lithuania Aldona Woloszyn, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Aldona Woloszyn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldona Woloszyn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldona Woloszyn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldona Woloszyn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldona Woloszyn, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ciecierada Kurozwecki
			spawn_character lithuania Ciecierada Kurozwecki, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Ciecierada Kurozwecki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ciecierada Kurozwecki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ciecierada Kurozwecki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ciecierada Kurozwecki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ciecierada Kurozwecki, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Vysheslava Gorbatyi
			spawn_character kievan_rus Vysheslava Gorbatyi, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Gorbatyi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Gorbatyi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Gorbatyi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Gorbatyi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vysheslava Gorbatyi, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Melania Dobroi
			spawn_character kievan_rus Melania Dobroi, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Melania Dobroi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Melania Dobroi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Melania Dobroi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Melania Dobroi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Melania Dobroi, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sofia Lugvitsa
			spawn_character kievan_rus Sofia Lugvitsa, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Lugvitsa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Lugvitsa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Lugvitsa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Lugvitsa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sofia Lugvitsa, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feofania Matveev
			spawn_character kievan_rus Feofania Matveev, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Matveev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Matveev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Matveev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Matveev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feofania Matveev, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elizaveta Vladimirskii
			spawn_character russia Elizaveta Vladimirskii, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Elizaveta Vladimirskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elizaveta Vladimirskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elizaveta Vladimirskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elizaveta Vladimirskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elizaveta Vladimirskii, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sbyslava Miloslavov
			spawn_character russia Sbyslava Miloslavov, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Sbyslava Miloslavov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sbyslava Miloslavov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sbyslava Miloslavov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sbyslava Miloslavov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sbyslava Miloslavov, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feofania Dolgorukii
			spawn_character russia Feofania Dolgorukii, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Dolgorukii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Dolgorukii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Dolgorukii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feofania Dolgorukii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feofania Dolgorukii, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Predeslava Netshin
			spawn_character russia Predeslava Netshin, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Predeslava Netshin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Predeslava Netshin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Predeslava Netshin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Predeslava Netshin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Predeslava Netshin, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Emma de_Poitiers
			spawn_character jerusalem Emma de_Poitiers, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Emma de_Poitiers" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma de_Poitiers" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma de_Poitiers" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma de_Poitiers" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Emma de_Poitiers, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agne#s de_Vermandois
			spawn_character jerusalem Agne#s de_Vermandois, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s de_Vermandois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s de_Vermandois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s de_Vermandois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s de_Vermandois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agne#s de_Vermandois, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Yolande de_Calmont
			spawn_character jerusalem Yolande de_Calmont, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_Calmont" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_Calmont" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_Calmont" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_Calmont" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Yolande de_Calmont, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucienne d_Edesse
			spawn_character jerusalem Lucienne d_Edesse, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne d_Edesse" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne d_Edesse" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne d_Edesse" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne d_Edesse" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucienne d_Edesse, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Edinburgh = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ana Kutaeli
			spawn_character georgia Ana Kutaeli, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Ana Kutaeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Kutaeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Kutaeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Kutaeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ana Kutaeli, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dali Svani
			spawn_character georgia Dali Svani, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Dali Svani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Svani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Svani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Svani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dali Svani, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sidonia Panaskerteli
			spawn_character georgia Sidonia Panaskerteli, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Panaskerteli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Panaskerteli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Panaskerteli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Panaskerteli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sidonia Panaskerteli, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sopio Baramisdze
			spawn_character georgia Sopio Baramisdze, princess, age 19, x 55, y 248
			console_command give_trait "Sopio Baramisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sopio Baramisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sopio Baramisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sopio Baramisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sopio Baramisdze, 54,248
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter edinburgh_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter edinburgh_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Edinburgh_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Zaragoza
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Hypomone Leonides
			spawn_character byzantium Hypomone Leonides, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Hypomone Leonides" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypomone Leonides" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypomone Leonides" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hypomone Leonides" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hypomone Leonides, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ariadni Polemarchios
			spawn_character byzantium Ariadni Polemarchios, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Ariadni Polemarchios" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ariadni Polemarchios" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ariadni Polemarchios" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ariadni Polemarchios" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ariadni Polemarchios, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria_I Libadiotes
			spawn_character byzantium Maria_I Libadiotes, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Libadiotes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Libadiotes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Libadiotes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Libadiotes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria_I Libadiotes, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zoe Pothos
			spawn_character byzantium Zoe Pothos, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Pothos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Pothos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Pothos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoe Pothos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zoe Pothos, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Herleve de_Vere
			spawn_character england Herleve de_Vere, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Herleve de_Vere" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Herleve de_Vere" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Herleve de_Vere" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Herleve de_Vere" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Herleve de_Vere, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Thomasine Halley
			spawn_character england Thomasine Halley, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Thomasine Halley" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Thomasine Halley" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Thomasine Halley" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Thomasine Halley" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Thomasine Halley, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Janet Kenward
			spawn_character england Janet Kenward, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Janet Kenward" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Janet Kenward" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Janet Kenward" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Janet Kenward" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Janet Kenward, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Phillipa Payntone
			spawn_character england Phillipa Payntone, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Phillipa Payntone" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Phillipa Payntone" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Phillipa Payntone" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Phillipa Payntone" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Phillipa Payntone, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Raghnaid mac_Ferdomnaig
			spawn_character scotland Raghnaid mac_Ferdomnaig, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Ferdomnaig" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Ferdomnaig" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Ferdomnaig" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raghnaid mac_Ferdomnaig" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raghnaid mac_Ferdomnaig, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Siobhan mac_Comgell
			spawn_character scotland Siobhan mac_Comgell, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Comgell" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Comgell" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Comgell" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Comgell" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Siobhan mac_Comgell, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eithne mac_Mail_Choluim
			spawn_character scotland Eithne mac_Mail_Choluim, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Eithne mac_Mail_Choluim" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithne mac_Mail_Choluim" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithne mac_Mail_Choluim" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithne mac_Mail_Choluim" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eithne mac_Mail_Choluim, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eubha mac_Cuilein
			spawn_character scotland Eubha mac_Cuilein, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Cuilein" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Cuilein" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Cuilein" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eubha mac_Cuilein" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eubha mac_Cuilein, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dorethin von_Kastilien
			spawn_character hre Dorethin von_Kastilien, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Dorethin von_Kastilien" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorethin von_Kastilien" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorethin von_Kastilien" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorethin von_Kastilien" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dorethin von_Kastilien, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Judith Holhbein
			spawn_character hre Judith Holhbein, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Judith Holhbein" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Holhbein" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Holhbein" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Holhbein" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judith Holhbein, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helena von_Essen
			spawn_character hre Helena von_Essen, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Helena von_Essen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena von_Essen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena von_Essen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helena von_Essen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helena von_Essen, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Juliana von_Augsburg
			spawn_character hre Juliana von_Augsburg, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Juliana von_Augsburg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Juliana von_Augsburg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Juliana von_Augsburg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Juliana von_Augsburg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Juliana von_Augsburg, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Yolande de_la_Selve
			spawn_character france Yolande de_la_Selve, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_la_Selve" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_la_Selve" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_la_Selve" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_la_Selve" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Yolande de_la_Selve, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eleonore Panet
			spawn_character france Eleonore Panet, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore Panet" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore Panet" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore Panet" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore Panet" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eleonore Panet, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Madeleine Laugier
			spawn_character france Madeleine Laugier, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine Laugier" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine Laugier" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine Laugier" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine Laugier" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Madeleine Laugier, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catherine Othon
			spawn_character france Catherine Othon, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Catherine Othon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine Othon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine Othon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catherine Othon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catherine Othon, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Thyra Herbertsen
			spawn_character denmark Thyra Herbertsen, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Herbertsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Herbertsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Herbertsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Herbertsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Thyra Herbertsen, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Freja af_Jorlunde
			spawn_character denmark Freja af_Jorlunde, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Freja af_Jorlunde" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Freja af_Jorlunde" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Freja af_Jorlunde" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Freja af_Jorlunde" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Freja af_Jorlunde, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Helga Skeel
			spawn_character denmark Helga Skeel, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Helga Skeel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Helga Skeel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Helga Skeel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Helga Skeel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Helga Skeel, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Randi af_Misthusum
			spawn_character denmark Randi af_Misthusum, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Randi af_Misthusum" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi af_Misthusum" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi af_Misthusum" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi af_Misthusum" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Randi af_Misthusum, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Bente av_Sandefjord
			spawn_character norway Bente av_Sandefjord, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Bente av_Sandefjord" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bente av_Sandefjord" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bente av_Sandefjord" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bente av_Sandefjord" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bente av_Sandefjord, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Olga Torsteinsen
			spawn_character norway Olga Torsteinsen, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Olga Torsteinsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Torsteinsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Torsteinsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Torsteinsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olga Torsteinsen, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kristin Aby
			spawn_character norway Kristin Aby, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Kristin Aby" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristin Aby" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristin Aby" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristin Aby" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kristin Aby, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Amalie Gustavsen
			spawn_character norway Amalie Gustavsen, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Amalie Gustavsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalie Gustavsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalie Gustavsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalie Gustavsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Amalie Gustavsen, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mari#a de_Sobrado
			spawn_character spain Mari#a de_Sobrado, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a de_Sobrado" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a de_Sobrado" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a de_Sobrado" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a de_Sobrado" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mari#a de_Sobrado, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ines Diaz
			spawn_character spain Ines Diaz, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Ines Diaz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines Diaz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines Diaz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ines Diaz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ines Diaz, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Blanca de_Rueda
			spawn_character spain Blanca de_Rueda, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Blanca de_Rueda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanca de_Rueda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanca de_Rueda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Blanca de_Rueda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Blanca de_Rueda, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gregoria de_Arevalo
			spawn_character spain Gregoria de_Arevalo, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria de_Arevalo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria de_Arevalo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria de_Arevalo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gregoria de_Arevalo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gregoria de_Arevalo, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Aya Riera
			spawn_character aragon Aya Riera, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Aya Riera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Riera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Riera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Riera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aya Riera, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dolca Riera
			spawn_character aragon Dolca Riera, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Dolca Riera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dolca Riera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dolca Riera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dolca Riera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dolca Riera, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brianda Fontanills
			spawn_character aragon Brianda Fontanills, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Brianda Fontanills" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brianda Fontanills" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brianda Fontanills" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brianda Fontanills" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brianda Fontanills, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elisenda Cirera
			spawn_character aragon Elisenda Cirera, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda Cirera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda Cirera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda Cirera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisenda Cirera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisenda Cirera, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Vera Freire
			spawn_character portugal Vera Freire, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Vera Freire" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera Freire" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera Freire" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vera Freire" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vera Freire, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lui#sa Coutinho
			spawn_character portugal Lui#sa Coutinho, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Lui#sa Coutinho" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lui#sa Coutinho" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lui#sa Coutinho" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lui#sa Coutinho" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lui#sa Coutinho, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gabriela de_Sandim
			spawn_character portugal Gabriela de_Sandim, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Gabriela de_Sandim" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gabriela de_Sandim" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gabriela de_Sandim" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gabriela de_Sandim" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gabriela de_Sandim, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maior Maciel
			spawn_character portugal Maior Maciel, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Maior Maciel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maior Maciel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maior Maciel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maior Maciel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maior Maciel, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Piera Lanzuoli
			spawn_character venice Piera Lanzuoli, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Piera Lanzuoli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Lanzuoli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Lanzuoli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Lanzuoli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Piera Lanzuoli, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Donata Dolfino
			spawn_character venice Donata Dolfino, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Donata Dolfino" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Donata Dolfino" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Donata Dolfino" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Donata Dolfino" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Donata Dolfino, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alegreza Giustinian
			spawn_character venice Alegreza Giustinian, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza Giustinian" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza Giustinian" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza Giustinian" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza Giustinian" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alegreza Giustinian, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Besina da_Cadore
			spawn_character venice Besina da_Cadore, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Besina da_Cadore" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Besina da_Cadore" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Besina da_Cadore" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Besina da_Cadore" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Besina da_Cadore, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Letta de_Marini
			spawn_character milan Letta de_Marini, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Letta de_Marini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta de_Marini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta de_Marini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Letta de_Marini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Letta de_Marini, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Barbara Embriaci
			spawn_character milan Barbara Embriaci, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Embriaci" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Embriaci" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Embriaci" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbara Embriaci" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Barbara Embriaci, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maia di_Finale
			spawn_character milan Maia di_Finale, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Maia di_Finale" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maia di_Finale" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maia di_Finale" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maia di_Finale" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maia di_Finale, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucrezia Casanova
			spawn_character milan Lucrezia Casanova, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezia Casanova" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezia Casanova" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezia Casanova" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezia Casanova" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucrezia Casanova, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Tiresa di_Salerno
			spawn_character sicily Tiresa di_Salerno, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Tiresa di_Salerno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tiresa di_Salerno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tiresa di_Salerno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tiresa di_Salerno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tiresa di_Salerno, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vilariana di_Policastro
			spawn_character sicily Vilariana di_Policastro, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Vilariana di_Policastro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilariana di_Policastro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilariana di_Policastro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vilariana di_Policastro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vilariana di_Policastro, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cettina di_Nicotera
			spawn_character sicily Cettina di_Nicotera, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Cettina di_Nicotera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cettina di_Nicotera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cettina di_Nicotera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cettina di_Nicotera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cettina di_Nicotera, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lia Cutelli
			spawn_character sicily Lia Cutelli, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Lia Cutelli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lia Cutelli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lia Cutelli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lia Cutelli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lia Cutelli, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eufemia Zalavari
			spawn_character hungary Eufemia Zalavari, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Zalavari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Zalavari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Zalavari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eufemia Zalavari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eufemia Zalavari, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luca Trencseni
			spawn_character hungary Luca Trencseni, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Luca Trencseni" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Trencseni" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Trencseni" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Trencseni" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luca Trencseni, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ilona Ratot
			spawn_character hungary Ilona Ratot, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Ilona Ratot" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilona Ratot" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilona Ratot" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ilona Ratot" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ilona Ratot, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zsofia Fodor
			spawn_character hungary Zsofia Fodor, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Zsofia Fodor" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsofia Fodor" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsofia Fodor" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsofia Fodor" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zsofia Fodor, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cieslawa z_Wisnicza
			spawn_character poland Cieslawa z_Wisnicza, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Cieslawa z_Wisnicza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cieslawa z_Wisnicza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cieslawa z_Wisnicza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cieslawa z_Wisnicza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cieslawa z_Wisnicza, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wierzchoslawa z_Lubnowa
			spawn_character poland Wierzchoslawa z_Lubnowa, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa z_Lubnowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa z_Lubnowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa z_Lubnowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wierzchoslawa z_Lubnowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wierzchoslawa z_Lubnowa, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bojana Oporowski
			spawn_character poland Bojana Oporowski, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Oporowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Oporowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Oporowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bojana Oporowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bojana Oporowski, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Janczyslawa Chrzastowski
			spawn_character poland Janczyslawa Chrzastowski, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Chrzastowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Chrzastowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Chrzastowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Janczyslawa Chrzastowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Janczyslawa Chrzastowski, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Grzymislawa z_Grodziska
			spawn_character lithuania Grzymislawa z_Grodziska, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa z_Grodziska" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa z_Grodziska" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa z_Grodziska" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grzymislawa z_Grodziska" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Grzymislawa z_Grodziska, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lina Borkowicz
			spawn_character lithuania Lina Borkowicz, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Lina Borkowicz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lina Borkowicz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lina Borkowicz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lina Borkowicz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lina Borkowicz, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alvyda Gryfita
			spawn_character lithuania Alvyda Gryfita, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Alvyda Gryfita" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvyda Gryfita" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvyda Gryfita" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvyda Gryfita" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alvyda Gryfita, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bogumila Stulina
			spawn_character lithuania Bogumila Stulina, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Stulina" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Stulina" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Stulina" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila Stulina" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bogumila Stulina, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Natalia Saburov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Natalia Saburov, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Saburov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Saburov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Saburov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Saburov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Saburov, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vseslava Beleut
			spawn_character kievan_rus Vseslava Beleut, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Beleut" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Beleut" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Beleut" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Beleut" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vseslava Beleut, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena Kolychev
			spawn_character kievan_rus Elena Kolychev, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kolychev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kolychev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kolychev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Kolychev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena Kolychev, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatiana Kubenskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Tatiana Kubenskii, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Kubenskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Kubenskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Kubenskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Kubenskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatiana Kubenskii, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Tatiana Zaozerskii
			spawn_character russia Tatiana Zaozerskii, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Zaozerskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Zaozerskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Zaozerskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Zaozerskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatiana Zaozerskii, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Evpraksia Domozhirov
			spawn_character russia Evpraksia Domozhirov, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Domozhirov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Domozhirov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Domozhirov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evpraksia Domozhirov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evpraksia Domozhirov, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Pelagia Zver
			spawn_character russia Pelagia Zver, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Pelagia Zver" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Pelagia Zver" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Pelagia Zver" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Pelagia Zver" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Pelagia Zver, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobroslava Putivlskii
			spawn_character russia Dobroslava Putivlskii, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Putivlskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Putivlskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Putivlskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Putivlskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobroslava Putivlskii, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cecilia de_Franconie
			spawn_character jerusalem Cecilia de_Franconie, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia de_Franconie" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia de_Franconie" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia de_Franconie" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia de_Franconie" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecilia de_Franconie, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elvire de_Montbray
			spawn_character jerusalem Elvire de_Montbray, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Montbray" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Montbray" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Montbray" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvire de_Montbray" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvire de_Montbray, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabelle de_Montlhery
			spawn_character jerusalem Isabelle de_Montlhery, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Montlhery" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Montlhery" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Montlhery" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabelle de_Montlhery" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabelle de_Montlhery, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Morfia de_Dreux
			spawn_character jerusalem Morfia de_Dreux, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Morfia de_Dreux" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Morfia de_Dreux" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Morfia de_Dreux" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Morfia de_Dreux" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Morfia de_Dreux, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Zaragoza = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Asmat Abuletisdze
			spawn_character georgia Asmat Abuletisdze, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Abuletisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Abuletisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Abuletisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Abuletisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Asmat Abuletisdze, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mariam Toreli
			spawn_character georgia Mariam Toreli, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Mariam Toreli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mariam Toreli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mariam Toreli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mariam Toreli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mariam Toreli, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Teona Samdzivari
			spawn_character georgia Teona Samdzivari, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Teona Samdzivari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Teona Samdzivari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Teona Samdzivari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Teona Samdzivari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Teona Samdzivari, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natela Kaxeli
			spawn_character georgia Natela Kaxeli, princess, age 19, x 72, y 145
			console_command give_trait "Natela Kaxeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Kaxeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Kaxeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Kaxeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natela Kaxeli, 71,145
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter zaragoza_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter zaragoza_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Zaragoza_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Cordoba
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eirene Glykys
			spawn_character byzantium Eirene Glykys, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Eirene Glykys" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eirene Glykys" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eirene Glykys" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eirene Glykys" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eirene Glykys, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ioanna Douberites
			spawn_character byzantium Ioanna Douberites, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Douberites" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Douberites" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Douberites" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioanna Douberites" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ioanna Douberites, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Philippa Amenas
			spawn_character byzantium Philippa Amenas, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Amenas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Amenas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Amenas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Amenas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Philippa Amenas, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maritza Euphorbanos
			spawn_character byzantium Maritza Euphorbanos, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Euphorbanos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Euphorbanos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Euphorbanos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maritza Euphorbanos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maritza Euphorbanos, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cecilia Rouet
			spawn_character england Cecilia Rouet, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Rouet" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Rouet" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Rouet" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Rouet" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecilia Rouet, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mabel of_Rutland
			spawn_character england Mabel of_Rutland, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Mabel of_Rutland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel of_Rutland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel of_Rutland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mabel of_Rutland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mabel of_Rutland, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joan of_Gaunt
			spawn_character england Joan of_Gaunt, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Joan of_Gaunt" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan of_Gaunt" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan of_Gaunt" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joan of_Gaunt" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joan of_Gaunt, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Linyeve Tyringtoun
			spawn_character england Linyeve Tyringtoun, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Linyeve Tyringtoun" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Linyeve Tyringtoun" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Linyeve Tyringtoun" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Linyeve Tyringtoun" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Linyeve Tyringtoun, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ermengarde mac_Ilduilb
			spawn_character scotland Ermengarde mac_Ilduilb, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde mac_Ilduilb" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde mac_Ilduilb" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde mac_Ilduilb" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde mac_Ilduilb" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ermengarde mac_Ilduilb, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elspeth mac_Cholbain
			spawn_character scotland Elspeth mac_Cholbain, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Elspeth mac_Cholbain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elspeth mac_Cholbain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elspeth mac_Cholbain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elspeth mac_Cholbain" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elspeth mac_Cholbain, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cairistine mac_Cainneach
			spawn_character scotland Cairistine mac_Cainneach, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Cainneach" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Cainneach" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Cainneach" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cairistine mac_Cainneach" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cairistine mac_Cainneach, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aileas mac_Matain
			spawn_character scotland Aileas mac_Matain, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Aileas mac_Matain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aileas mac_Matain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aileas mac_Matain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aileas mac_Matain" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aileas mac_Matain, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Els Ermolt
			spawn_character hre Els Ermolt, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Els Ermolt" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Els Ermolt" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Els Ermolt" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Els Ermolt" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Els Ermolt, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Enndlin von_Duisburg
			spawn_character hre Enndlin von_Duisburg, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin von_Duisburg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin von_Duisburg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin von_Duisburg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin von_Duisburg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Enndlin von_Duisburg, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nes von_Thuringen
			spawn_character hre Nes von_Thuringen, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Nes von_Thuringen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nes von_Thuringen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nes von_Thuringen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nes von_Thuringen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nes von_Thuringen, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eva Weinmuth
			spawn_character hre Eva Weinmuth, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Eva Weinmuth" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eva Weinmuth" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eva Weinmuth" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eva Weinmuth" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eva Weinmuth, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Marie Lebrun
			spawn_character france Marie Lebrun, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Marie Lebrun" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Lebrun" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Lebrun" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marie Lebrun" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marie Lebrun, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anne Gaudin
			spawn_character france Anne Gaudin, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Anne Gaudin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Gaudin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Gaudin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anne Gaudin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anne Gaudin, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cecile Febre
			spawn_character france Cecile Febre, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Cecile Febre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile Febre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile Febre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile Febre" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecile Febre, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Laurette Horal
			spawn_character france Laurette Horal, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Laurette Horal" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette Horal" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette Horal" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette Horal" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Laurette Horal, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dorte af_Malling
			spawn_character denmark Dorte af_Malling, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Dorte af_Malling" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte af_Malling" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte af_Malling" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte af_Malling" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dorte af_Malling, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hilde Ingolfsen
			spawn_character denmark Hilde Ingolfsen, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Hilde Ingolfsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilde Ingolfsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilde Ingolfsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilde Ingolfsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hilde Ingolfsen, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jutta af_Nakskov
			spawn_character denmark Jutta af_Nakskov, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Jutta af_Nakskov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta af_Nakskov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta af_Nakskov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jutta af_Nakskov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jutta af_Nakskov, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luitgard af_Kippinge
			spawn_character denmark Luitgard af_Kippinge, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Kippinge" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Kippinge" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Kippinge" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luitgard af_Kippinge" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luitgard af_Kippinge, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mari Rosing
			spawn_character norway Mari Rosing, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Mari Rosing" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari Rosing" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari Rosing" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari Rosing" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mari Rosing, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hege av_Hoff
			spawn_character norway Hege av_Hoff, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Hege av_Hoff" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hege av_Hoff" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hege av_Hoff" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hege av_Hoff" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hege av_Hoff, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Silje Kas
			spawn_character norway Silje Kas, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Silje Kas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Silje Kas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Silje Kas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Silje Kas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Silje Kas, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gjertrud av_Halogaland
			spawn_character norway Gjertrud av_Halogaland, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Gjertrud av_Halogaland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gjertrud av_Halogaland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gjertrud av_Halogaland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gjertrud av_Halogaland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gjertrud av_Halogaland, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Constanza Pereda
			spawn_character spain Constanza Pereda, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Constanza Pereda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Constanza Pereda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Constanza Pereda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Constanza Pereda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Constanza Pereda, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Veronica Hermosilla
			spawn_character spain Veronica Hermosilla, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Veronica Hermosilla" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Veronica Hermosilla" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Veronica Hermosilla" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Veronica Hermosilla" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Veronica Hermosilla, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aldonza de_Granada
			spawn_character spain Aldonza de_Granada, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza de_Granada" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza de_Granada" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza de_Granada" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aldonza de_Granada" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aldonza de_Granada, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sagrario de_Valdevieso
			spawn_character spain Sagrario de_Valdevieso, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Sagrario de_Valdevieso" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sagrario de_Valdevieso" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sagrario de_Valdevieso" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sagrario de_Valdevieso" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sagrario de_Valdevieso, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ermessenda Carbo
			spawn_character aragon Ermessenda Carbo, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda Carbo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda Carbo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda Carbo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermessenda Carbo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ermessenda Carbo, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francina Frago
			spawn_character aragon Francina Frago, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Francina Frago" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Frago" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Frago" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Frago" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francina Frago, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joana de_Vilamur
			spawn_character aragon Joana de_Vilamur, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Joana de_Vilamur" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana de_Vilamur" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana de_Vilamur" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana de_Vilamur" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joana de_Vilamur, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Guallente Muntargull
			spawn_character aragon Guallente Muntargull, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Muntargull" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Muntargull" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Muntargull" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente Muntargull" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guallente Muntargull, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Imaculada Raposo
			spawn_character portugal Imaculada Raposo, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Raposo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Raposo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Raposo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Imaculada Raposo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Imaculada Raposo, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Raquel Aboim
			spawn_character portugal Raquel Aboim, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Aboim" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Aboim" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Aboim" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raquel Aboim" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raquel Aboim, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Magda Rodrigues
			spawn_character portugal Magda Rodrigues, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Magda Rodrigues" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda Rodrigues" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda Rodrigues" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magda Rodrigues" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magda Rodrigues, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Si#lvia de_Beja
			spawn_character portugal Si#lvia de_Beja, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia de_Beja" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia de_Beja" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia de_Beja" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia de_Beja" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Si#lvia de_Beja, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Alegreza da_Cittanova
			spawn_character venice Alegreza da_Cittanova, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza da_Cittanova" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza da_Cittanova" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza da_Cittanova" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alegreza da_Cittanova" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alegreza da_Cittanova, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Catarina Beligeri
			spawn_character venice Catarina Beligeri, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Beligeri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Beligeri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Beligeri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Catarina Beligeri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Catarina Beligeri, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margherita Furlano
			spawn_character venice Margherita Furlano, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Furlano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Furlano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Furlano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita Furlano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margherita Furlano, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tomasina Penzini
			spawn_character venice Tomasina Penzini, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Penzini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Penzini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Penzini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tomasina Penzini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tomasina Penzini, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Alessandra Fazio
			spawn_character milan Alessandra Fazio, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra Fazio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra Fazio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra Fazio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra Fazio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alessandra Fazio, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria di_Natali
			spawn_character milan Maria di_Natali, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Maria di_Natali" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria di_Natali" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria di_Natali" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria di_Natali" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria di_Natali, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Letizia di_Tursi
			spawn_character milan Letizia di_Tursi, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Letizia di_Tursi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Letizia di_Tursi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Letizia di_Tursi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Letizia di_Tursi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Letizia di_Tursi, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gisela Costa
			spawn_character milan Gisela Costa, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Gisela Costa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela Costa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela Costa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela Costa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gisela Costa, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Adelisa di_Venosa
			spawn_character sicily Adelisa di_Venosa, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Adelisa di_Venosa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelisa di_Venosa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelisa di_Venosa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelisa di_Venosa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelisa di_Venosa, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Amalia di_Trani
			spawn_character sicily Amalia di_Trani, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Amalia di_Trani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalia di_Trani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalia di_Trani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Amalia di_Trani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Amalia di_Trani, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucrezzia Lancia
			spawn_character sicily Lucrezzia Lancia, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia Lancia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia Lancia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia Lancia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezzia Lancia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucrezzia Lancia, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Derfina di_Puliano
			spawn_character sicily Derfina di_Puliano, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Derfina di_Puliano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Derfina di_Puliano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Derfina di_Puliano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Derfina di_Puliano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Derfina di_Puliano, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Magdolna Kaplony
			spawn_character hungary Magdolna Kaplony, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Magdolna Kaplony" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdolna Kaplony" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdolna Kaplony" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Magdolna Kaplony" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Magdolna Kaplony, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ancilla Hajdu
			spawn_character hungary Ancilla Hajdu, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Hajdu" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Hajdu" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Hajdu" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ancilla Hajdu" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ancilla Hajdu, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zsuzsanna Geregye
			spawn_character hungary Zsuzsanna Geregye, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Geregye" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Geregye" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Geregye" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Geregye" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zsuzsanna Geregye, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Katalin Nyitrai
			spawn_character hungary Katalin Nyitrai, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Nyitrai" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Nyitrai" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Nyitrai" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Katalin Nyitrai" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Katalin Nyitrai, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ciecierada Baranowski
			spawn_character poland Ciecierada Baranowski, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Ciecierada Baranowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ciecierada Baranowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ciecierada Baranowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ciecierada Baranowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ciecierada Baranowski, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Urszula Chwalisz
			spawn_character poland Urszula Chwalisz, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Urszula Chwalisz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula Chwalisz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula Chwalisz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula Chwalisz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Urszula Chwalisz, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Milena z_Ostroroga
			spawn_character poland Milena z_Ostroroga, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Milena z_Ostroroga" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Milena z_Ostroroga" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Milena z_Ostroroga" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Milena z_Ostroroga" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Milena z_Ostroroga, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lubomira Radomski
			spawn_character poland Lubomira Radomski, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira Radomski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira Radomski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira Radomski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira Radomski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lubomira Radomski, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Urszula Raptusiewicz
			spawn_character lithuania Urszula Raptusiewicz, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Urszula Raptusiewicz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula Raptusiewicz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula Raptusiewicz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Urszula Raptusiewicz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Urszula Raptusiewicz, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Godzimira z_Maszkowic
			spawn_character lithuania Godzimira z_Maszkowic, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira z_Maszkowic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira z_Maszkowic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira z_Maszkowic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Godzimira z_Maszkowic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Godzimira z_Maszkowic, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jiera z_Dabrowa
			spawn_character lithuania Jiera z_Dabrowa, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Jiera z_Dabrowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jiera z_Dabrowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jiera z_Dabrowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jiera z_Dabrowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jiera z_Dabrowa, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Danguole Slaski
			spawn_character lithuania Danguole Slaski, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Danguole Slaski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Danguole Slaski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Danguole Slaski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Danguole Slaski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Danguole Slaski, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Agafia Volynskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Agafia Volynskii, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Agafia Volynskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agafia Volynskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agafia Volynskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agafia Volynskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agafia Volynskii, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Praskovia Peshko
			spawn_character kievan_rus Praskovia Peshko, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Peshko" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Peshko" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Peshko" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Praskovia Peshko" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Praskovia Peshko, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kristina Zvenigorodskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Kristina Zvenigorodskii, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Zvenigorodskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Zvenigorodskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Zvenigorodskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Zvenigorodskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kristina Zvenigorodskii, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lyudmila Vyazemskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Lyudmila Vyazemskii, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Vyazemskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Vyazemskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Vyazemskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Vyazemskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lyudmila Vyazemskii, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Daria Kashinskii
			spawn_character russia Daria Kashinskii, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Daria Kashinskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Daria Kashinskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Daria Kashinskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Daria Kashinskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Daria Kashinskii, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Evfimia Mozhayskii
			spawn_character russia Evfimia Mozhayskii, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Mozhayskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Mozhayskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Mozhayskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfimia Mozhayskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evfimia Mozhayskii, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vysheslava Chernigovskii
			spawn_character russia Vysheslava Chernigovskii, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Chernigovskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Chernigovskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Chernigovskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vysheslava Chernigovskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vysheslava Chernigovskii, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natalia Gorstkin
			spawn_character russia Natalia Gorstkin, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorstkin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorstkin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorstkin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorstkin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Gorstkin, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Godehilde de_Lorgue
			spawn_character jerusalem Godehilde de_Lorgue, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Godehilde de_Lorgue" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Godehilde de_Lorgue" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Godehilde de_Lorgue" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Godehilde de_Lorgue" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Godehilde de_Lorgue, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Plaisance de_Tosny
			spawn_character jerusalem Plaisance de_Tosny, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance de_Tosny" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance de_Tosny" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance de_Tosny" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance de_Tosny" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Plaisance de_Tosny, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alberada Durus
			spawn_character jerusalem Alberada Durus, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Alberada Durus" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada Durus" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada Durus" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alberada Durus" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alberada Durus, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mathilde de_Saunhac
			spawn_character jerusalem Mathilde de_Saunhac, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Saunhac" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Saunhac" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Saunhac" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Saunhac" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mathilde de_Saunhac, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Cordoba = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Burdukhan Gamrekeli
			spawn_character georgia Burdukhan Gamrekeli, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Gamrekeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Gamrekeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Gamrekeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Burdukhan Gamrekeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Burdukhan Gamrekeli, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sidonia Mcxeteli
			spawn_character georgia Sidonia Mcxeteli, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Mcxeteli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Mcxeteli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Mcxeteli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sidonia Mcxeteli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sidonia Mcxeteli, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ia Tbeli
			spawn_character georgia Ia Tbeli, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Ia Tbeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Tbeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Tbeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Tbeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ia Tbeli, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamar Martqopeli
			spawn_character georgia Tamar Martqopeli, princess, age 19, x 44, y 120
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Martqopeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Martqopeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Martqopeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamar Martqopeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamar Martqopeli, 44,119
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter cordoba_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter cordoba_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Cordoba_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Rome
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anastasia Vatatzes
			spawn_character byzantium Anastasia Vatatzes, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Vatatzes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Vatatzes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Vatatzes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anastasia Vatatzes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anastasia Vatatzes, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Konstantina Palatinos
			spawn_character byzantium Konstantina Palatinos, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Konstantina Palatinos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantina Palatinos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantina Palatinos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Konstantina Palatinos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Konstantina Palatinos, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vasilia Zagarommates
			spawn_character byzantium Vasilia Zagarommates, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Vasilia Zagarommates" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilia Zagarommates" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilia Zagarommates" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilia Zagarommates" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vasilia Zagarommates, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosanna Satrikes
			spawn_character byzantium Rosanna Satrikes, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Satrikes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Satrikes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Satrikes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosanna Satrikes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosanna Satrikes, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Beatrice of_Evesham
			spawn_character england Beatrice of_Evesham, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Beatrice of_Evesham" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrice of_Evesham" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrice of_Evesham" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatrice of_Evesham" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatrice of_Evesham, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Madeleine of_Alcester
			spawn_character england Madeleine of_Alcester, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine of_Alcester" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine of_Alcester" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine of_Alcester" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Madeleine of_Alcester" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Madeleine of_Alcester, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Clare Bokkelond
			spawn_character england Clare Bokkelond, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Clare Bokkelond" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Clare Bokkelond" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Clare Bokkelond" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Clare Bokkelond" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Clare Bokkelond, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Cecily Utteridge
			spawn_character england Cecily Utteridge, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Cecily Utteridge" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecily Utteridge" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecily Utteridge" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecily Utteridge" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecily Utteridge, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Doileag mac_Cailean
			spawn_character scotland Doileag mac_Cailean, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Cailean" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Cailean" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Cailean" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Doileag mac_Cailean" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Doileag mac_Cailean, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ealasaid mac_Gille_Coimded
			spawn_character scotland Ealasaid mac_Gille_Coimded, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Gille_Coimded" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Gille_Coimded" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Gille_Coimded" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ealasaid mac_Gille_Coimded" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ealasaid mac_Gille_Coimded, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maighread mac_Cailean
			spawn_character scotland Maighread mac_Cailean, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Maighread mac_Cailean" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maighread mac_Cailean" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maighread mac_Cailean" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maighread mac_Cailean" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maighread mac_Cailean, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Paislig mac_Cannech
			spawn_character scotland Paislig mac_Cannech, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Paislig mac_Cannech" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Paislig mac_Cannech" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Paislig mac_Cannech" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Paislig mac_Cannech" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Paislig mac_Cannech, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Grethlin von_Sulzbach
			spawn_character hre Grethlin von_Sulzbach, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin von_Sulzbach" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin von_Sulzbach" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin von_Sulzbach" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Grethlin von_Sulzbach" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Grethlin von_Sulzbach, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ursel von_Aue
			spawn_character hre Ursel von_Aue, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Ursel von_Aue" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursel von_Aue" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursel von_Aue" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursel von_Aue" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ursel von_Aue, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna Schurburg
			spawn_character hre Anna Schurburg, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Anna Schurburg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Schurburg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Schurburg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Schurburg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Schurburg, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elsbeth Wolgemut
			spawn_character hre Elsbeth Wolgemut, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Elsbeth Wolgemut" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elsbeth Wolgemut" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elsbeth Wolgemut" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elsbeth Wolgemut" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elsbeth Wolgemut, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Sophie de_Valentinois
			spawn_character france Sophie de_Valentinois, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Sophie de_Valentinois" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophie de_Valentinois" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophie de_Valentinois" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sophie de_Valentinois" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sophie de_Valentinois, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Louise de_Saint_Clair
			spawn_character france Louise de_Saint_Clair, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Louise de_Saint_Clair" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Louise de_Saint_Clair" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Louise de_Saint_Clair" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Louise de_Saint_Clair" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Louise de_Saint_Clair, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giselle de_Sainte_Helene
			spawn_character france Giselle de_Sainte_Helene, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_Sainte_Helene" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_Sainte_Helene" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_Sainte_Helene" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giselle de_Sainte_Helene" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giselle de_Sainte_Helene, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francoise de_Santhes
			spawn_character france Francoise de_Santhes, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Francoise de_Santhes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francoise de_Santhes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francoise de_Santhes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francoise de_Santhes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francoise de_Santhes, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gro af_Orslev
			spawn_character denmark Gro af_Orslev, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Gro af_Orslev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gro af_Orslev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gro af_Orslev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gro af_Orslev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gro af_Orslev, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brynhilde Sigtrygsen
			spawn_character denmark Brynhilde Sigtrygsen, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Brynhilde Sigtrygsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brynhilde Sigtrygsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brynhilde Sigtrygsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brynhilde Sigtrygsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brynhilde Sigtrygsen, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dagmar Tygesen
			spawn_character denmark Dagmar Tygesen, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Dagmar Tygesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dagmar Tygesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dagmar Tygesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dagmar Tygesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dagmar Tygesen, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ulvhild af_Soborg
			spawn_character denmark Ulvhild af_Soborg, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Ulvhild af_Soborg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulvhild af_Soborg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulvhild af_Soborg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ulvhild af_Soborg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ulvhild af_Soborg, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dorte Kristoffersen
			spawn_character norway Dorte Kristoffersen, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Dorte Kristoffersen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte Kristoffersen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte Kristoffersen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dorte Kristoffersen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dorte Kristoffersen, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lene Olavsson
			spawn_character norway Lene Olavsson, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Lene Olavsson" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lene Olavsson" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lene Olavsson" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lene Olavsson" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lene Olavsson, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Terese Tryggvesen
			spawn_character norway Terese Tryggvesen, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Terese Tryggvesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese Tryggvesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese Tryggvesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Terese Tryggvesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Terese Tryggvesen, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elise av_Porsgrunn
			spawn_character norway Elise av_Porsgrunn, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Elise av_Porsgrunn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elise av_Porsgrunn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elise av_Porsgrunn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elise av_Porsgrunn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elise av_Porsgrunn, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Merced de_Fumada
			spawn_character spain Merced de_Fumada, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Fumada" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Fumada" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Fumada" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Fumada" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Merced de_Fumada, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucia de_Tolosa
			spawn_character spain Lucia de_Tolosa, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Lucia de_Tolosa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia de_Tolosa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia de_Tolosa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia de_Tolosa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucia de_Tolosa, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ana Corrales
			spawn_character spain Ana Corrales, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Ana Corrales" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Corrales" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Corrales" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ana Corrales" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ana Corrales, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Florinda de_Leon
			spawn_character spain Florinda de_Leon, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Florinda de_Leon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Florinda de_Leon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Florinda de_Leon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Florinda de_Leon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Florinda de_Leon, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Bureta Gisbert
			spawn_character aragon Bureta Gisbert, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Bureta Gisbert" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bureta Gisbert" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bureta Gisbert" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bureta Gisbert" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bureta Gisbert, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sancha Paguer
			spawn_character aragon Sancha Paguer, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Paguer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Paguer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Paguer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sancha Paguer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sancha Paguer, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Loisa de_Rocafort
			spawn_character aragon Loisa de_Rocafort, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Loisa de_Rocafort" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Loisa de_Rocafort" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Loisa de_Rocafort" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Loisa de_Rocafort" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Loisa de_Rocafort, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jazinta del_Pallars
			spawn_character aragon Jazinta del_Pallars, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Jazinta del_Pallars" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jazinta del_Pallars" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jazinta del_Pallars" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jazinta del_Pallars" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jazinta del_Pallars, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mo#nica Pinheiro
			spawn_character portugal Mo#nica Pinheiro, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Mo#nica Pinheiro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mo#nica Pinheiro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mo#nica Pinheiro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mo#nica Pinheiro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mo#nica Pinheiro, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Angelina Sanches
			spawn_character portugal Angelina Sanches, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Angelina Sanches" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina Sanches" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina Sanches" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina Sanches" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Angelina Sanches, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Violante Pereira
			spawn_character portugal Violante Pereira, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Violante Pereira" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Pereira" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Pereira" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Violante Pereira" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Violante Pereira, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ju#lia de_Melgaco
			spawn_character portugal Ju#lia de_Melgaco, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia de_Melgaco" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia de_Melgaco" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia de_Melgaco" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ju#lia de_Melgaco" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ju#lia de_Melgaco, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Guglielmina da_Candia
			spawn_character venice Guglielmina da_Candia, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Guglielmina da_Candia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guglielmina da_Candia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guglielmina da_Candia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guglielmina da_Candia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guglielmina da_Candia, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margherita d_Udine
			spawn_character venice Margherita d_Udine, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Margherita d_Udine" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita d_Udine" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita d_Udine" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margherita d_Udine" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margherita d_Udine, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luca Pesaro
			spawn_character venice Luca Pesaro, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Luca Pesaro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Pesaro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Pesaro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Pesaro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luca Pesaro, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Iacobetta Sanudo
			spawn_character venice Iacobetta Sanudo, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Iacobetta Sanudo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Iacobetta Sanudo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Iacobetta Sanudo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Iacobetta Sanudo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Iacobetta Sanudo, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Daiana di_Torriglia
			spawn_character milan Daiana di_Torriglia, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Daiana di_Torriglia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiana di_Torriglia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiana di_Torriglia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Daiana di_Torriglia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Daiana di_Torriglia, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tea da_Monaco
			spawn_character milan Tea da_Monaco, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Tea da_Monaco" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tea da_Monaco" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tea da_Monaco" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tea da_Monaco" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tea da_Monaco, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Buona da_Siena
			spawn_character milan Buona da_Siena, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Buona da_Siena" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Buona da_Siena" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Buona da_Siena" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Buona da_Siena" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Buona da_Siena, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lorenza Ventimiglia
			spawn_character milan Lorenza Ventimiglia, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Lorenza Ventimiglia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lorenza Ventimiglia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lorenza Ventimiglia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lorenza Ventimiglia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lorenza Ventimiglia, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Emma Callari
			spawn_character sicily Emma Callari, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Emma Callari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma Callari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma Callari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Emma Callari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Emma Callari, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria di_Lentini
			spawn_character sicily Maria di_Lentini, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Maria di_Lentini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria di_Lentini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria di_Lentini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria di_Lentini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria di_Lentini, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Amelia di_Montescaglioso
			spawn_character sicily Amelia di_Montescaglioso, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Amelia di_Montescaglioso" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia di_Montescaglioso" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia di_Montescaglioso" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia di_Montescaglioso" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Amelia di_Montescaglioso, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Paula Anzalone
			spawn_character sicily Paula Anzalone, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Paula Anzalone" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Paula Anzalone" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Paula Anzalone" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Paula Anzalone" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Paula Anzalone, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Szabina Vajda
			spawn_character hungary Szabina Vajda, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Vajda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Vajda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Vajda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Vajda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Szabina Vajda, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists E#va Solymosi
			spawn_character hungary E#va Solymosi, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "E#va Solymosi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Solymosi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Solymosi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Solymosi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move E#va Solymosi, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zsuzsanna Pelencei
			spawn_character hungary Zsuzsanna Pelencei, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Pelencei" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Pelencei" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Pelencei" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zsuzsanna Pelencei" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zsuzsanna Pelencei, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sarolta Szak
			spawn_character hungary Sarolta Szak, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Szak" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Szak" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Szak" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sarolta Szak" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sarolta Szak, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Kazimiera Biernacki
			spawn_character poland Kazimiera Biernacki, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Biernacki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Biernacki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Biernacki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kazimiera Biernacki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Kazimiera Biernacki, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bozena Bazynski
			spawn_character poland Bozena Bazynski, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Bozena Bazynski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bozena Bazynski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bozena Bazynski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bozena Bazynski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bozena Bazynski, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Adelajda Zmuda
			spawn_character poland Adelajda Zmuda, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Zmuda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Zmuda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Zmuda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Adelajda Zmuda" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Adelajda Zmuda, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bogumila z_Ryczowa
			spawn_character poland Bogumila z_Ryczowa, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila z_Ryczowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila z_Ryczowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila z_Ryczowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bogumila z_Ryczowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bogumila z_Ryczowa, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Skaidre Sapieha
			spawn_character lithuania Skaidre Sapieha, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Skaidre Sapieha" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaidre Sapieha" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaidre Sapieha" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Skaidre Sapieha" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Skaidre Sapieha, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Krzeslawa Malopolski
			spawn_character lithuania Krzeslawa Malopolski, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa Malopolski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa Malopolski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa Malopolski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Krzeslawa Malopolski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Krzeslawa Malopolski, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobroniega z_Budzisk
			spawn_character lithuania Dobroniega z_Budzisk, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Dobroniega z_Budzisk" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroniega z_Budzisk" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroniega z_Budzisk" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroniega z_Budzisk" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobroniega z_Budzisk, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lubomira z_Korytnicy
			spawn_character lithuania Lubomira z_Korytnicy, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Korytnicy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Korytnicy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Korytnicy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lubomira z_Korytnicy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lubomira z_Korytnicy, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Feodora Glebov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Feodora Glebov, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Glebov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Glebov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Glebov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodora Glebov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feodora Glebov, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ksenia Svyatoslavich
			spawn_character kievan_rus Ksenia Svyatoslavich, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Svyatoslavich" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Svyatoslavich" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Svyatoslavich" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ksenia Svyatoslavich" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ksenia Svyatoslavich, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agrafena Galitskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Agrafena Galitskii, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Galitskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Galitskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Galitskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Galitskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agrafena Galitskii, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gorislava Epanchin
			spawn_character kievan_rus Gorislava Epanchin, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Gorislava Epanchin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorislava Epanchin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorislava Epanchin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gorislava Epanchin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gorislava Epanchin, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anna Pronskii
			spawn_character russia Anna Pronskii, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Anna Pronskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Pronskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Pronskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Pronskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Pronskii, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feodosia Cheshko
			spawn_character russia Feodosia Cheshko, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Cheshko" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Cheshko" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Cheshko" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Cheshko" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feodosia Cheshko, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Evfrosinia Vsevolozhskii
			spawn_character russia Evfrosinia Vsevolozhskii, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Vsevolozhskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Vsevolozhskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Vsevolozhskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Evfrosinia Vsevolozhskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Evfrosinia Vsevolozhskii, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena Glukhovskii
			spawn_character russia Elena Glukhovskii, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Elena Glukhovskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Glukhovskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Glukhovskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Glukhovskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena Glukhovskii, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cecile du_Puy
			spawn_character jerusalem Cecile du_Puy, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Cecile du_Puy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile du_Puy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile du_Puy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecile du_Puy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecile du_Puy, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Plaisance d_Aissailly
			spawn_character jerusalem Plaisance d_Aissailly, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance d_Aissailly" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance d_Aissailly" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance d_Aissailly" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Plaisance d_Aissailly" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Plaisance d_Aissailly, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucienne de_Perigord
			spawn_character jerusalem Lucienne de_Perigord, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Perigord" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Perigord" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Perigord" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucienne de_Perigord" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucienne de_Perigord, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agne#s Aleramici
			spawn_character jerusalem Agne#s Aleramici, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s Aleramici" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s Aleramici" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s Aleramici" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agne#s Aleramici" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agne#s Aleramici, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Rome = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter rome_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists RusudanI Tianeli
			spawn_character georgia RusudanI Tianeli, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Tianeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Tianeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Tianeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "RusudanI Tianeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move RusudanI Tianeli, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ketevan Toreli
			spawn_character georgia Ketevan Toreli, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Ketevan Toreli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ketevan Toreli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ketevan Toreli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ketevan Toreli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ketevan Toreli, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamta Bagvashi
			spawn_character georgia Tamta Bagvashi, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Bagvashi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Bagvashi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Bagvashi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Bagvashi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamta Bagvashi, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Babale Dukisdze
			spawn_character georgia Babale Dukisdze, princess, age 19, x 169, y 147
			console_command give_trait "Babale Dukisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Dukisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Dukisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Babale Dukisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Babale Dukisdze, 168,147
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter rome_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter rome_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Rome_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Jerusalem
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eudocia Tarsitis
			spawn_character byzantium Eudocia Tarsitis, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Eudocia Tarsitis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudocia Tarsitis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudocia Tarsitis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eudocia Tarsitis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eudocia Tarsitis, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aelia Venetikopoulos
			spawn_character byzantium Aelia Venetikopoulos, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Venetikopoulos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Venetikopoulos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Venetikopoulos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aelia Venetikopoulos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aelia Venetikopoulos, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ioulia Tripsyches
			spawn_character byzantium Ioulia Tripsyches, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Tripsyches" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Tripsyches" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Tripsyches" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Tripsyches" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ioulia Tripsyches, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Simonis Xiphias
			spawn_character byzantium Simonis Xiphias, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Simonis Xiphias" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Simonis Xiphias" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Simonis Xiphias" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Simonis Xiphias" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Simonis Xiphias, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Malina Daubney
			spawn_character england Malina Daubney, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Malina Daubney" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina Daubney" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina Daubney" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Malina Daubney" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Malina Daubney, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Matilda Walgrave
			spawn_character england Matilda Walgrave, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Walgrave" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Walgrave" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Walgrave" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Matilda Walgrave" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Matilda Walgrave, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Arabella Arundel
			spawn_character england Arabella Arundel, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Arabella Arundel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Arabella Arundel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Arabella Arundel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Arabella Arundel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Arabella Arundel, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mary of_Flookburgh
			spawn_character england Mary of_Flookburgh, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Mary of_Flookburgh" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mary of_Flookburgh" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mary of_Flookburgh" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mary of_Flookburgh" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mary of_Flookburgh, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eithrig mac_Somairle
			spawn_character scotland Eithrig mac_Somairle, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Somairle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Somairle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Somairle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eithrig mac_Somairle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eithrig mac_Somairle, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sine mac_Morgainn
			spawn_character scotland Sine mac_Morgainn, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Sine mac_Morgainn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sine mac_Morgainn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sine mac_Morgainn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sine mac_Morgainn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sine mac_Morgainn, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mairead mac_Cannech
			spawn_character scotland Mairead mac_Cannech, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Cannech" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Cannech" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Cannech" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mairead mac_Cannech" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mairead mac_Cannech, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Issobell mac_Crinain
			spawn_character scotland Issobell mac_Crinain, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Crinain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Crinain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Crinain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Issobell mac_Crinain" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Issobell mac_Crinain, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Neslin von_Kniprode
			spawn_character hre Neslin von_Kniprode, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Neslin von_Kniprode" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Neslin von_Kniprode" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Neslin von_Kniprode" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Neslin von_Kniprode" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Neslin von_Kniprode, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Clara von_Paderborn
			spawn_character hre Clara von_Paderborn, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Clara von_Paderborn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara von_Paderborn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara von_Paderborn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara von_Paderborn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Clara von_Paderborn, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Peternella Blankenberg
			spawn_character hre Peternella Blankenberg, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Peternella Blankenberg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Peternella Blankenberg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Peternella Blankenberg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Peternella Blankenberg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Peternella Blankenberg, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Enndlin Kempf
			spawn_character hre Enndlin Kempf, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin Kempf" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin Kempf" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin Kempf" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Enndlin Kempf" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Enndlin Kempf, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Melisende d_Outre_mer
			spawn_character france Melisende d_Outre_mer, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Melisende d_Outre_mer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende d_Outre_mer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende d_Outre_mer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende d_Outre_mer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Melisende d_Outre_mer, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Sibylle de_Forcalquier
			spawn_character france Sibylle de_Forcalquier, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Forcalquier" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Forcalquier" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Forcalquier" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sibylle de_Forcalquier" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sibylle de_Forcalquier, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Yolande de_Chatillon
			spawn_character france Yolande de_Chatillon, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_Chatillon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_Chatillon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_Chatillon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande de_Chatillon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Yolande de_Chatillon, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jeanne de_Guise
			spawn_character france Jeanne de_Guise, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Guise" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Guise" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Guise" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jeanne de_Guise" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jeanne de_Guise, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Randi af_Mon
			spawn_character denmark Randi af_Mon, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Randi af_Mon" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi af_Mon" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi af_Mon" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi af_Mon" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Randi af_Mon, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hulda af_Soro
			spawn_character denmark Hulda af_Soro, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Hulda af_Soro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hulda af_Soro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hulda af_Soro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hulda af_Soro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hulda af_Soro, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Thyra Bernhardsen
			spawn_character denmark Thyra Bernhardsen, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Bernhardsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Bernhardsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Bernhardsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Thyra Bernhardsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Thyra Bernhardsen, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gudrun Kristoffersen
			spawn_character denmark Gudrun Kristoffersen, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Kristoffersen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Kristoffersen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Kristoffersen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gudrun Kristoffersen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gudrun Kristoffersen, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elisabet av_Fyrilelv
			spawn_character norway Elisabet av_Fyrilelv, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Elisabet av_Fyrilelv" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabet av_Fyrilelv" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabet av_Fyrilelv" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabet av_Fyrilelv" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisabet av_Fyrilelv, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Solveig av_More
			spawn_character norway Solveig av_More, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Solveig av_More" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Solveig av_More" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Solveig av_More" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Solveig av_More" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Solveig av_More, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hilde Jorgensen
			spawn_character norway Hilde Jorgensen, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Hilde Jorgensen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilde Jorgensen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilde Jorgensen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hilde Jorgensen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hilde Jorgensen, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maren av_Aurlandsvangen
			spawn_character norway Maren av_Aurlandsvangen, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Maren av_Aurlandsvangen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maren av_Aurlandsvangen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maren av_Aurlandsvangen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maren av_Aurlandsvangen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maren av_Aurlandsvangen, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Isabel de_Ribera
			spawn_character spain Isabel de_Ribera, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Isabel de_Ribera" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel de_Ribera" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel de_Ribera" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel de_Ribera" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabel de_Ribera, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mari#a de_Silvaes
			spawn_character spain Mari#a de_Silvaes, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a de_Silvaes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a de_Silvaes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a de_Silvaes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mari#a de_Silvaes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mari#a de_Silvaes, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucia Pellicer
			spawn_character spain Lucia Pellicer, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Pellicer" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Pellicer" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Pellicer" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucia Pellicer" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucia Pellicer, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jimena de_Olmedo
			spawn_character spain Jimena de_Olmedo, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Jimena de_Olmedo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena de_Olmedo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena de_Olmedo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jimena de_Olmedo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jimena de_Olmedo, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Raimunda Feyna
			spawn_character aragon Raimunda Feyna, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda Feyna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda Feyna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda Feyna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Raimunda Feyna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Raimunda Feyna, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francesca Pariquet
			spawn_character aragon Francesca Pariquet, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Pariquet" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Pariquet" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Pariquet" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Pariquet" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francesca Pariquet, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aya Jordan
			spawn_character aragon Aya Jordan, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Aya Jordan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Jordan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Jordan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aya Jordan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aya Jordan, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ebelina Guiscart
			spawn_character aragon Ebelina Guiscart, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Ebelina Guiscart" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ebelina Guiscart" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ebelina Guiscart" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ebelina Guiscart" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ebelina Guiscart, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Angelina Moniz
			spawn_character portugal Angelina Moniz, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Angelina Moniz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina Moniz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina Moniz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Angelina Moniz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Angelina Moniz, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Joana do_Castelo
			spawn_character portugal Joana do_Castelo, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Joana do_Castelo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana do_Castelo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana do_Castelo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Joana do_Castelo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Joana do_Castelo, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francisca Salvador
			spawn_character portugal Francisca Salvador, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Salvador" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Salvador" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Salvador" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francisca Salvador" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francisca Salvador, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mecia Lopes
			spawn_character portugal Mecia Lopes, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Mecia Lopes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mecia Lopes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mecia Lopes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mecia Lopes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mecia Lopes, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Nicole Gusti
			spawn_character venice Nicole Gusti, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Nicole Gusti" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole Gusti" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole Gusti" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicole Gusti" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicole Gusti, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena da_Carrara
			spawn_character venice Elena da_Carrara, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Elena da_Carrara" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena da_Carrara" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena da_Carrara" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena da_Carrara" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena da_Carrara, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bianca Ferro
			spawn_character venice Bianca Ferro, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Bianca Ferro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca Ferro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca Ferro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bianca Ferro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bianca Ferro, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nicoletta Soranzo
			spawn_character venice Nicoletta Soranzo, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Nicoletta Soranzo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicoletta Soranzo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicoletta Soranzo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicoletta Soranzo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicoletta Soranzo, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Bartola da_Sanremo
			spawn_character milan Bartola da_Sanremo, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Bartola da_Sanremo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartola da_Sanremo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartola da_Sanremo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bartola da_Sanremo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bartola da_Sanremo, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marta Pedemonte
			spawn_character milan Marta Pedemonte, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Marta Pedemonte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Pedemonte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Pedemonte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Pedemonte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marta Pedemonte, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gisela de_Fornari
			spawn_character milan Gisela de_Fornari, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Gisela de_Fornari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela de_Fornari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela de_Fornari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gisela de_Fornari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gisela de_Fornari, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lena Giustiniani
			spawn_character milan Lena Giustiniani, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Lena Giustiniani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena Giustiniani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena Giustiniani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lena Giustiniani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lena Giustiniani, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cecilia di_Epiro
			spawn_character sicily Cecilia di_Epiro, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia di_Epiro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia di_Epiro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia di_Epiro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia di_Epiro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecilia di_Epiro, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Manuela di_Avellino
			spawn_character sicily Manuela di_Avellino, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Manuela di_Avellino" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela di_Avellino" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela di_Avellino" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Manuela di_Avellino" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Manuela di_Avellino, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Filicita di_Tricala
			spawn_character sicily Filicita di_Tricala, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Filicita di_Tricala" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Filicita di_Tricala" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Filicita di_Tricala" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Filicita di_Tricala" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Filicita di_Tricala, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Virdiana Capece
			spawn_character sicily Virdiana Capece, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Virdiana Capece" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Virdiana Capece" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Virdiana Capece" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Virdiana Capece" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Virdiana Capece, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Orsolya Subics
			spawn_character hungary Orsolya Subics, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Orsolya Subics" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orsolya Subics" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orsolya Subics" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orsolya Subics" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orsolya Subics, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bea#ta Tolnai
			spawn_character hungary Bea#ta Tolnai, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Tolnai" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Tolnai" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Tolnai" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bea#ta Tolnai" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bea#ta Tolnai, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Krisztina Csanadi
			spawn_character hungary Krisztina Csanadi, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Krisztina Csanadi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Krisztina Csanadi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Krisztina Csanadi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Krisztina Csanadi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Krisztina Csanadi, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Szabina Nemeth
			spawn_character hungary Szabina Nemeth, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Nemeth" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Nemeth" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Nemeth" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Szabina Nemeth" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Szabina Nemeth, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Wieslawa z_Wisnicza
			spawn_character poland Wieslawa z_Wisnicza, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Wieslawa z_Wisnicza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wieslawa z_Wisnicza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wieslawa z_Wisnicza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wieslawa z_Wisnicza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wieslawa z_Wisnicza, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Regelinda Firlej
			spawn_character poland Regelinda Firlej, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Firlej" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Firlej" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Firlej" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda Firlej" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Regelinda Firlej, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Krystyna Suluj
			spawn_character poland Krystyna Suluj, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Krystyna Suluj" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Krystyna Suluj" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Krystyna Suluj" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Krystyna Suluj" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Krystyna Suluj, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobromila Ustalica
			spawn_character poland Dobromila Ustalica, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila Ustalica" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila Ustalica" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila Ustalica" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila Ustalica" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobromila Ustalica, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Vaida z_Osiecznej
			spawn_character lithuania Vaida z_Osiecznej, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Osiecznej" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Osiecznej" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Osiecznej" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vaida z_Osiecznej" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vaida z_Osiecznej, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Norgaile z_Granowa
			spawn_character lithuania Norgaile z_Granowa, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile z_Granowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile z_Granowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile z_Granowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Norgaile z_Granowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Norgaile z_Granowa, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Judyta Kurowski
			spawn_character lithuania Judyta Kurowski, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Judyta Kurowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judyta Kurowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judyta Kurowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judyta Kurowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judyta Kurowski, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Giedre Leszczynski
			spawn_character lithuania Giedre Leszczynski, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Giedre Leszczynski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Giedre Leszczynski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Giedre Leszczynski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Giedre Leszczynski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Giedre Leszczynski, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Sofia Starkov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Sofia Starkov, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Starkov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Starkov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Starkov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Sofia Starkov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Sofia Starkov, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Glikeria Vsevolozhskii 
			spawn_character kievan_rus Glikeria Vsevolozhskii , princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Vsevolozhskii " RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Vsevolozhskii " RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Vsevolozhskii " AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Vsevolozhskii " PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Glikeria Vsevolozhskii , 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Feodosia Moskovskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Feodosia Moskovskii, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Moskovskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Moskovskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Moskovskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Feodosia Moskovskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Feodosia Moskovskii, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eupraxia Khvost
			spawn_character kievan_rus Eupraxia Khvost, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Khvost" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Khvost" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Khvost" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eupraxia Khvost" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eupraxia Khvost, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Irina Drutskii
			spawn_character russia Irina Drutskii, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Irina Drutskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Drutskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Drutskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irina Drutskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irina Drutskii, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vasilisa Staritskii
			spawn_character russia Vasilisa Staritskii, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Staritskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Staritskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Staritskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Staritskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vasilisa Staritskii, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Iuliania Zernov
			spawn_character russia Iuliania Zernov, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Zernov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Zernov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Zernov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Iuliania Zernov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Iuliania Zernov, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lyudmila Telyatevskii
			spawn_character russia Lyudmila Telyatevskii, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Telyatevskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Telyatevskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Telyatevskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lyudmila Telyatevskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lyudmila Telyatevskii, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Alix de_Tarente
			spawn_character jerusalem Alix de_Tarente, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Alix de_Tarente" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix de_Tarente" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix de_Tarente" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alix de_Tarente" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alix de_Tarente, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Melisende de_Chastel_Blanc
			spawn_character jerusalem Melisende de_Chastel_Blanc, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Chastel_Blanc" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Chastel_Blanc" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Chastel_Blanc" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Melisende de_Chastel_Blanc" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Melisende de_Chastel_Blanc, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Arda de_Judee
			spawn_character jerusalem Arda de_Judee, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Arda de_Judee" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Arda de_Judee" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Arda de_Judee" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Arda de_Judee" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Arda de_Judee, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Hodierne de_Chateauneuf
			spawn_character jerusalem Hodierne de_Chateauneuf, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Chateauneuf" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Chateauneuf" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Chateauneuf" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hodierne de_Chateauneuf" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hodierne de_Chateauneuf, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Jerusalem = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gvanca Taoeli
			spawn_character georgia Gvanca Taoeli, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Gvanca Taoeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gvanca Taoeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gvanca Taoeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gvanca Taoeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gvanca Taoeli, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eliso Cixisjvareli
			spawn_character georgia Eliso Cixisjvareli, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Eliso Cixisjvareli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eliso Cixisjvareli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eliso Cixisjvareli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eliso Cixisjvareli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eliso Cixisjvareli, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tamta Surameli
			spawn_character georgia Tamta Surameli, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Surameli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Surameli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Surameli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tamta Surameli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tamta Surameli, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Asmat Samdzivari
			spawn_character georgia Asmat Samdzivari, princess, age 19, x 332, y 75
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Samdzivari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Samdzivari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Samdzivari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Samdzivari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Asmat Samdzivari, 331,75
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter jerusalem_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter jerusalem_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Jerusalem_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Kutaisi
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dimitra Phokas
			spawn_character byzantium Dimitra Phokas, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Phokas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Phokas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Phokas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dimitra Phokas" PrettyWoman 1
			move Dimitra Phokas, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria_I Pilatos
			spawn_character byzantium Maria_I Pilatos, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Pilatos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Pilatos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Pilatos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria_I Pilatos" PrettyWoman 1
			move Maria_I Pilatos, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kristina Melas
			spawn_character byzantium Kristina Melas, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Melas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Melas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Melas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristina Melas" PrettyWoman 1
			move Kristina Melas, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ioulia Kataskepos
			spawn_character byzantium Ioulia Kataskepos, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Kataskepos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Kataskepos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Kataskepos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ioulia Kataskepos" PrettyWoman 1
			move Ioulia Kataskepos, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Margarete Lambert
			spawn_character england Margarete Lambert, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Margarete Lambert" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarete Lambert" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarete Lambert" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarete Lambert" PrettyWoman 1
			move Margarete Lambert, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alienore of_Penbroke
			spawn_character england Alienore of_Penbroke, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Alienore of_Penbroke" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore of_Penbroke" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore of_Penbroke" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alienore of_Penbroke" PrettyWoman 1
			move Alienore of_Penbroke, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ursula Sangell
			spawn_character england Ursula Sangell, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ursula Sangell" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula Sangell" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula Sangell" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ursula Sangell" PrettyWoman 1
			move Ursula Sangell, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alveva Giles
			spawn_character england Alveva Giles, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Alveva Giles" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alveva Giles" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alveva Giles" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alveva Giles" PrettyWoman 1
			move Alveva Giles, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Eilidh mac_Dabid
			spawn_character scotland Eilidh mac_Dabid, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Eilidh mac_Dabid" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eilidh mac_Dabid" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eilidh mac_Dabid" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eilidh mac_Dabid" PrettyWoman 1
			move Eilidh mac_Dabid, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Forbhlaith mac_Gille_Patraic
			spawn_character scotland Forbhlaith mac_Gille_Patraic, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Forbhlaith mac_Gille_Patraic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Forbhlaith mac_Gille_Patraic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Forbhlaith mac_Gille_Patraic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Forbhlaith mac_Gille_Patraic" PrettyWoman 1
			move Forbhlaith mac_Gille_Patraic, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bethoc mac_Aeda
			spawn_character scotland Bethoc mac_Aeda, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Bethoc mac_Aeda" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bethoc mac_Aeda" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bethoc mac_Aeda" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bethoc mac_Aeda" PrettyWoman 1
			move Bethoc mac_Aeda, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Senga mac_Gartnait
			spawn_character scotland Senga mac_Gartnait, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Senga mac_Gartnait" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Senga mac_Gartnait" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Senga mac_Gartnait" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Senga mac_Gartnait" PrettyWoman 1
			move Senga mac_Gartnait, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Judith Tork
			spawn_character hre Judith Tork, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Judith Tork" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Tork" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Tork" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith Tork" PrettyWoman 1
			move Judith Tork, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Katherin Kniess
			spawn_character hre Katherin Kniess, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Katherin Kniess" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherin Kniess" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherin Kniess" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Katherin Kniess" PrettyWoman 1
			move Katherin Kniess, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Kristen Jocke
			spawn_character hre Kristen Jocke, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Kristen Jocke" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristen Jocke" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristen Jocke" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Kristen Jocke" PrettyWoman 1
			move Kristen Jocke, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Barbelin Eck
			spawn_character hre Barbelin Eck, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Barbelin Eck" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbelin Eck" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbelin Eck" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Barbelin Eck" PrettyWoman 1
			move Barbelin Eck, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Jaquelinne Blouet
			spawn_character france Jaquelinne Blouet, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne Blouet" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne Blouet" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne Blouet" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jaquelinne Blouet" PrettyWoman 1
			move Jaquelinne Blouet, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ermengarde Corbet
			spawn_character france Ermengarde Corbet, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde Corbet" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde Corbet" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde Corbet" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ermengarde Corbet" PrettyWoman 1
			move Ermengarde Corbet, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Yolande Jourdain
			spawn_character france Yolande Jourdain, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Yolande Jourdain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande Jourdain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande Jourdain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Yolande Jourdain" PrettyWoman 1
			move Yolande Jourdain, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eleonore Febre
			spawn_character france Eleonore Febre, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore Febre" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore Febre" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore Febre" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eleonore Febre" PrettyWoman 1
			move Eleonore Febre, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cecilia Knudsen
			spawn_character denmark Cecilia Knudsen, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Knudsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Knudsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Knudsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cecilia Knudsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cecilia Knudsen, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rosa Degn
			spawn_character denmark Rosa Degn, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Rosa Degn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa Degn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa Degn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rosa Degn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rosa Degn, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alvida Gormsen
			spawn_character denmark Alvida Gormsen, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Alvida Gormsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida Gormsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida Gormsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alvida Gormsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alvida Gormsen, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Signe Munk
			spawn_character denmark Signe Munk, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Signe Munk" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Signe Munk" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Signe Munk" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Signe Munk" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Signe Munk, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Gunvor av_Ostfold
			spawn_character norway Gunvor av_Ostfold, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Gunvor av_Ostfold" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunvor av_Ostfold" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunvor av_Ostfold" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunvor av_Ostfold" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gunvor av_Ostfold, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Karoline av_Vestisland
			spawn_character norway Karoline av_Vestisland, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Karoline av_Vestisland" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Karoline av_Vestisland" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Karoline av_Vestisland" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Karoline av_Vestisland" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Karoline av_Vestisland, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Laila av_Vaernes
			spawn_character norway Laila av_Vaernes, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Laila av_Vaernes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Laila av_Vaernes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Laila av_Vaernes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Laila av_Vaernes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Laila av_Vaernes, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Synnove Vese
			spawn_character norway Synnove Vese, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Synnove Vese" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Synnove Vese" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Synnove Vese" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Synnove Vese" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Synnove Vese, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Clara de_Valencia
			spawn_character spain Clara de_Valencia, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Clara de_Valencia" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara de_Valencia" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara de_Valencia" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Clara de_Valencia" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Clara de_Valencia, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agustina Paniagua
			spawn_character spain Agustina Paniagua, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Agustina Paniagua" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agustina Paniagua" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agustina Paniagua" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agustina Paniagua" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agustina Paniagua, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabel Yanez
			spawn_character spain Isabel Yanez, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Yanez" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Yanez" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Yanez" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabel Yanez" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabel Yanez, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Merced Salinas
			spawn_character spain Merced Salinas, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Merced Salinas" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced Salinas" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced Salinas" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced Salinas" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Merced Salinas, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Guallente d_Entenca
			spawn_character aragon Guallente d_Entenca, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Guallente d_Entenca" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente d_Entenca" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente d_Entenca" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Guallente d_Entenca" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Guallente d_Entenca, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zoraida de_Lizana
			spawn_character aragon Zoraida de_Lizana, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Zoraida de_Lizana" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoraida de_Lizana" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoraida de_Lizana" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoraida de_Lizana" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zoraida de_Lizana, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Beatriu Boey
			spawn_character aragon Beatriu Boey, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Beatriu Boey" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriu Boey" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriu Boey" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Beatriu Boey" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Beatriu Boey, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eulalia Eiximenis
			spawn_character aragon Eulalia Eiximenis, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia Eiximenis" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia Eiximenis" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia Eiximenis" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia Eiximenis" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eulalia Eiximenis, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ester de_Evora
			spawn_character portugal Ester de_Evora, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ester de_Evora" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ester de_Evora" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ester de_Evora" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ester de_Evora" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ester de_Evora, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Costanca Quaresma
			spawn_character portugal Costanca Quaresma, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Quaresma" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Quaresma" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Quaresma" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanca Quaresma" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Costanca Quaresma, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marta Botelho
			spawn_character portugal Marta Botelho, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Marta Botelho" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Botelho" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Botelho" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marta Botelho" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marta Botelho, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Si#lvia Carvalho
			spawn_character portugal Si#lvia Carvalho, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia Carvalho" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia Carvalho" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia Carvalho" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Si#lvia Carvalho" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Si#lvia Carvalho, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anna Quintavalle
			spawn_character venice Anna Quintavalle, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Anna Quintavalle" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Quintavalle" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Quintavalle" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Quintavalle" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Quintavalle, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Benedetta Belegno
			spawn_character venice Benedetta Belegno, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Benedetta Belegno" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Benedetta Belegno" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Benedetta Belegno" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Benedetta Belegno" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Benedetta Belegno, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Piera Pesaro
			spawn_character venice Piera Pesaro, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Piera Pesaro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Pesaro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Pesaro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Piera Pesaro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Piera Pesaro, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Penina Ziani
			spawn_character venice Penina Ziani, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Penina Ziani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina Ziani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina Ziani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Penina Ziani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Penina Ziani, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Simona Carcano
			spawn_character milan Simona Carcano, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Simona Carcano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Simona Carcano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Simona Carcano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Simona Carcano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Simona Carcano, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Alessandra di_Sestri
			spawn_character milan Alessandra di_Sestri, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra di_Sestri" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra di_Sestri" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra di_Sestri" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Alessandra di_Sestri" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Alessandra di_Sestri, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gaia Fazio
			spawn_character milan Gaia Fazio, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Gaia Fazio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gaia Fazio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gaia Fazio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gaia Fazio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gaia Fazio, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bice Spinola
			spawn_character milan Bice Spinola, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Bice Spinola" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice Spinola" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice Spinola" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bice Spinola" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bice Spinola, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Lisa de_Palermo
			spawn_character sicily Lisa de_Palermo, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Lisa de_Palermo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisa de_Palermo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisa de_Palermo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lisa de_Palermo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lisa de_Palermo, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Delia di_Melfi
			spawn_character sicily Delia di_Melfi, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Delia di_Melfi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Delia di_Melfi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Delia di_Melfi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Delia di_Melfi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Delia di_Melfi, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maura di_Caiazzo
			spawn_character sicily Maura di_Caiazzo, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Maura di_Caiazzo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maura di_Caiazzo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maura di_Caiazzo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maura di_Caiazzo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maura di_Caiazzo, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margarita di_Palermo
			spawn_character sicily Margarita di_Palermo, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Margarita di_Palermo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarita di_Palermo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarita di_Palermo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margarita di_Palermo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margarita di_Palermo, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ma#ria Bihari
			spawn_character hungary Ma#ria Bihari, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ma#ria Bihari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ma#ria Bihari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ma#ria Bihari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ma#ria Bihari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ma#ria Bihari, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gizella Varadi
			spawn_character hungary Gizella Varadi, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Gizella Varadi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gizella Varadi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gizella Varadi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gizella Varadi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gizella Varadi, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Izabella Geregye
			spawn_character hungary Izabella Geregye, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Izabella Geregye" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Izabella Geregye" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Izabella Geregye" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Izabella Geregye" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Izabella Geregye, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jolanta Szepesi
			spawn_character hungary Jolanta Szepesi, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Szepesi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Szepesi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Szepesi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jolanta Szepesi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jolanta Szepesi, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Rycheza ze_Slawska
			spawn_character poland Rycheza ze_Slawska, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Rycheza ze_Slawska" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rycheza ze_Slawska" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rycheza ze_Slawska" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rycheza ze_Slawska" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rycheza ze_Slawska, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agata Jedryka
			spawn_character poland Agata Jedryka, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Agata Jedryka" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agata Jedryka" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agata Jedryka" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agata Jedryka" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agata Jedryka, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobromila z_Grodziska
			spawn_character poland Dobromila z_Grodziska, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila z_Grodziska" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila z_Grodziska" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila z_Grodziska" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobromila z_Grodziska" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobromila z_Grodziska, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Judyta Bugaj
			spawn_character poland Judyta Bugaj, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Judyta Bugaj" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judyta Bugaj" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judyta Bugaj" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judyta Bugaj" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judyta Bugaj, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Rima Sapieha
			spawn_character lithuania Rima Sapieha, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Rima Sapieha" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rima Sapieha" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rima Sapieha" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rima Sapieha" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rima Sapieha, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Aiste Bobrzycki
			spawn_character lithuania Aiste Bobrzycki, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Aiste Bobrzycki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Aiste Bobrzycki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Aiste Bobrzycki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Aiste Bobrzycki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Aiste Bobrzycki, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Wiaczeslawa z_Teczyna
			spawn_character lithuania Wiaczeslawa z_Teczyna, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa z_Teczyna" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa z_Teczyna" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa z_Teczyna" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Wiaczeslawa z_Teczyna" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Wiaczeslawa z_Teczyna, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Przeclawa z_Targowa
			spawn_character lithuania Przeclawa z_Targowa, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Przeclawa z_Targowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Przeclawa z_Targowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Przeclawa z_Targowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Przeclawa z_Targowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Przeclawa z_Targowa, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Natalia Gorodetskii
			spawn_character kievan_rus Natalia Gorodetskii, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorodetskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorodetskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorodetskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natalia Gorodetskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natalia Gorodetskii, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ekaterina Zverev
			spawn_character kievan_rus Ekaterina Zverev, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Zverev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Zverev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Zverev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina Zverev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ekaterina Zverev, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agrafena Zherebtsov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Agrafena Zherebtsov, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Zherebtsov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Zherebtsov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Zherebtsov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agrafena Zherebtsov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agrafena Zherebtsov, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Olga Grebenka
			spawn_character kievan_rus Olga Grebenka, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Olga Grebenka" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Grebenka" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Grebenka" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Olga Grebenka" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Olga Grebenka, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Predslava Kalita
			spawn_character russia Predslava Kalita, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Kalita" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Kalita" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Kalita" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Kalita" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Predslava Kalita, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ekaterina More
			spawn_character russia Ekaterina More, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina More" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina More" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina More" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ekaterina More" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ekaterina More, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Zoya Dorogobuzhskii
			spawn_character russia Zoya Dorogobuzhskii, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Zoya Dorogobuzhskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoya Dorogobuzhskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoya Dorogobuzhskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Zoya Dorogobuzhskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Zoya Dorogobuzhskii, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Glikeria Kvashnya
			spawn_character russia Glikeria Kvashnya, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Kvashnya" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Kvashnya" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Kvashnya" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Glikeria Kvashnya" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Glikeria Kvashnya, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Morfia de_Normandie
			spawn_character jerusalem Morfia de_Normandie, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Morfia de_Normandie" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Morfia de_Normandie" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Morfia de_Normandie" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Morfia de_Normandie" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Morfia de_Normandie, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabeau de_Genes
			spawn_character jerusalem Isabeau de_Genes, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau de_Genes" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau de_Genes" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau de_Genes" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabeau de_Genes" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabeau de_Genes, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Yvette de_Meulan
			spawn_character jerusalem Yvette de_Meulan, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Yvette de_Meulan" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Yvette de_Meulan" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Yvette de_Meulan" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Yvette de_Meulan" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Yvette de_Meulan, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Godehilde de_Fos
			spawn_character jerusalem Godehilde de_Fos, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Godehilde de_Fos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Godehilde de_Fos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Godehilde de_Fos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Godehilde de_Fos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Godehilde de_Fos, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Kutaisi = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Darejan Dukisdze
			spawn_character georgia Darejan Dukisdze, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Dukisdze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Dukisdze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Dukisdze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Darejan Dukisdze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Darejan Dukisdze, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Natela Mxeidze
			spawn_character georgia Natela Mxeidze, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Natela Mxeidze" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Mxeidze" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Mxeidze" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Natela Mxeidze" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Natela Mxeidze, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dali Dadiskeliani
			spawn_character georgia Dali Dadiskeliani, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Dali Dadiskeliani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Dadiskeliani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Dadiskeliani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dali Dadiskeliani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dali Dadiskeliani, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vardo Dadiani
			spawn_character georgia Vardo Dadiani, princess, age 19, x 386, y 151
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Dadiani" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Dadiani" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Dadiani" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vardo Dadiani" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vardo Dadiani, 385,151
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter kutaisi_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter kutaisi_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Kutaisi_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

monitor_event UnitTrained TrainedUnitCategory siege
	and TrainedUnitClass spearmen
	and SettlementIsLocal
	and SettlementName Vilnius
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = byzantium
		destroy_units byzantium princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Anna_I Thrakeses
			spawn_character byzantium Anna_I Thrakeses, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Thrakeses" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Thrakeses" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Thrakeses" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna_I Thrakeses" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna_I Thrakeses, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Euphrosyne Nikaeus
			spawn_character byzantium Euphrosyne Nikaeus, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Euphrosyne Nikaeus" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphrosyne Nikaeus" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphrosyne Nikaeus" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Euphrosyne Nikaeus" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Euphrosyne Nikaeus, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Irene_I Stethatos
			spawn_character byzantium Irene_I Stethatos, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Stethatos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Stethatos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Stethatos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Irene_I Stethatos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Irene_I Stethatos, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Philippa Olynthenos
			spawn_character byzantium Philippa Olynthenos, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Olynthenos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Olynthenos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Olynthenos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Philippa Olynthenos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Philippa Olynthenos, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { byzantium, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { byzantium, }
			add_money byzantium 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = england
		destroy_units england princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Tillote Patyrmak
			spawn_character england Tillote Patyrmak, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Tillote Patyrmak" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tillote Patyrmak" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tillote Patyrmak" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tillote Patyrmak" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tillote Patyrmak, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Isabella Tiptoft
			spawn_character england Isabella Tiptoft, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Isabella Tiptoft" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabella Tiptoft" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabella Tiptoft" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Isabella Tiptoft" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Isabella Tiptoft, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Marion Caston
			spawn_character england Marion Caston, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Marion Caston" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion Caston" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion Caston" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Marion Caston" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Marion Caston, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Agatha of_Lennox
			spawn_character england Agatha of_Lennox, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Agatha of_Lennox" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Agatha of_Lennox" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Agatha of_Lennox" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Agatha of_Lennox" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Agatha of_Lennox, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { england, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { england, }
			add_money england 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = scotland
		destroy_units scotland princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Siobhan mac_Nechtain
			spawn_character scotland Siobhan mac_Nechtain, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Nechtain" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Nechtain" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Nechtain" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Siobhan mac_Nechtain" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Siobhan mac_Nechtain, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eua mac_Mail_Bricin
			spawn_character scotland Eua mac_Mail_Bricin, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Eua mac_Mail_Bricin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eua mac_Mail_Bricin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eua mac_Mail_Bricin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eua mac_Mail_Bricin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eua mac_Mail_Bricin, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Afraig mac_Giric
			spawn_character scotland Afraig mac_Giric, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Afraig mac_Giric" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Afraig mac_Giric" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Afraig mac_Giric" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Afraig mac_Giric" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Afraig mac_Giric, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Deirdre mac_Donnachaic
			spawn_character scotland Deirdre mac_Donnachaic, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Donnachaic" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Donnachaic" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Donnachaic" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Deirdre mac_Donnachaic" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Deirdre mac_Donnachaic, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { scotland, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { scotland, }
			add_money scotland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = hre
		destroy_units hre princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Hedewig von_Rheinfelden
			spawn_character hre Hedewig von_Rheinfelden, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Hedewig von_Rheinfelden" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedewig von_Rheinfelden" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedewig von_Rheinfelden" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Hedewig von_Rheinfelden" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Hedewig von_Rheinfelden, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bertrada Reusz
			spawn_character hre Bertrada Reusz, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Bertrada Reusz" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrada Reusz" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrada Reusz" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bertrada Reusz" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bertrada Reusz, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brid Schurburg
			spawn_character hre Brid Schurburg, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Brid Schurburg" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brid Schurburg" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brid Schurburg" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brid Schurburg" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brid Schurburg, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Brigitta Schertlin
			spawn_character hre Brigitta Schertlin, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schertlin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schertlin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schertlin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schertlin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brigitta Schertlin, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hre, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hre, }
			add_money hre 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = france
		destroy_units france princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Mahaut d_Houdetot
			spawn_character france Mahaut d_Houdetot, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schertlin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schertlin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schertlin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brigitta Schertlin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mahaut d_Houdetot, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Margot de_Bourgogne
			spawn_character france Margot de_Bourgogne, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Margot de_Bourgogne" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Margot de_Bourgogne" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Margot de_Bourgogne" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Margot de_Bourgogne" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Margot de_Bourgogne, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Genevieve de_Bazentin
			spawn_character france Genevieve de_Bazentin, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Bazentin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Bazentin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Bazentin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Genevieve de_Bazentin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Genevieve de_Bazentin, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Laurette de_Blanchefort
			spawn_character france Laurette de_Blanchefort, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Laurette de_Blanchefort" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette de_Blanchefort" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette de_Blanchefort" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Laurette de_Blanchefort" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Laurette de_Blanchefort, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { france, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { france, }
			add_money france 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = denmark
		destroy_units denmark princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Siv Ulfsen
			spawn_character denmark Siv Ulfsen, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Siv Ulfsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Siv Ulfsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Siv Ulfsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Siv Ulfsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Siv Ulfsen, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Gunhild af_Narke
			spawn_character denmark Gunhild af_Narke, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild af_Narke" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild af_Narke" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild af_Narke" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Gunhild af_Narke" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Gunhild af_Narke, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Randi Ubbesen
			spawn_character denmark Randi Ubbesen, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Randi Ubbesen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi Ubbesen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi Ubbesen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Randi Ubbesen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Randi Ubbesen, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ragnhild Marsvin
			spawn_character denmark Ragnhild Marsvin, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Ragnhild Marsvin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ragnhild Marsvin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ragnhild Marsvin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ragnhild Marsvin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ragnhild Marsvin, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { denmark, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { denmark, }
			add_money denmark 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = norway
		destroy_units norway princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Ingeborg Halvorsen
			spawn_character norway Ingeborg Halvorsen, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Ingeborg Halvorsen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeborg Halvorsen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeborg Halvorsen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ingeborg Halvorsen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ingeborg Halvorsen, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dagmar Eide
			spawn_character norway Dagmar Eide, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Dagmar Eide" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dagmar Eide" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dagmar Eide" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dagmar Eide" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dagmar Eide, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Inger av_Haug
			spawn_character norway Inger av_Haug, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Inger av_Haug" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Inger av_Haug" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Inger av_Haug" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Inger av_Haug" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Inger av_Haug, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Bjorg Galte
			spawn_character norway Bjorg Galte, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Bjorg Galte" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Bjorg Galte" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Bjorg Galte" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Bjorg Galte" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Bjorg Galte, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { norway, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { norway, }
			add_money norway 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = spain
		destroy_units spain princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Merced de_Rapariegos
			spawn_character spain Merced de_Rapariegos, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Rapariegos" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Rapariegos" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Rapariegos" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Merced de_Rapariegos" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Merced de_Rapariegos, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elvira de_Montalvo
			spawn_character spain Elvira de_Montalvo, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Elvira de_Montalvo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira de_Montalvo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira de_Montalvo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira de_Montalvo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvira de_Montalvo, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Celestina Hermosilla
			spawn_character spain Celestina Hermosilla, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Celestina Hermosilla" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Celestina Hermosilla" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Celestina Hermosilla" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Celestina Hermosilla" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Celestina Hermosilla, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Genoveva Pimentel
			spawn_character spain Genoveva Pimentel, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Genoveva Pimentel" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Genoveva Pimentel" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Genoveva Pimentel" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Genoveva Pimentel" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Genoveva Pimentel, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { spain, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { spain, }
			add_money spain 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = aragon
		destroy_units aragon princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Tecla de_Centelles
			spawn_character aragon Tecla de_Centelles, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Tecla de_Centelles" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tecla de_Centelles" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tecla de_Centelles" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tecla de_Centelles" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tecla de_Centelles, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francina Guillen
			spawn_character aragon Francina Guillen, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Francina Guillen" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Guillen" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Guillen" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francina Guillen" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francina Guillen, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Florenza Yagut
			spawn_character aragon Florenza Yagut, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Florenza Yagut" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Florenza Yagut" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Florenza Yagut" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Florenza Yagut" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Florenza Yagut, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Orosia d_Azagra
			spawn_character aragon Orosia d_Azagra, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Orosia d_Azagra" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia d_Azagra" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia d_Azagra" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Orosia d_Azagra" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Orosia d_Azagra, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { aragon, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { aragon, }
			add_money aragon 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = portugal
	and I_EventCounter zirids_exist != 1
		destroy_units portugal princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Noemia Meireles
			spawn_character portugal Noemia Meireles, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Noemia Meireles" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Noemia Meireles" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Noemia Meireles" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Noemia Meireles" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Noemia Meireles, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Jacinta Pacheco
			spawn_character portugal Jacinta Pacheco, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Pacheco" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Pacheco" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Pacheco" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Jacinta Pacheco" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Jacinta Pacheco, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Filipa Aleixo
			spawn_character portugal Filipa Aleixo, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Filipa Aleixo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa Aleixo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa Aleixo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Filipa Aleixo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Filipa Aleixo, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Celeste de_Araujo
			spawn_character portugal Celeste de_Araujo, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Celeste de_Araujo" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste de_Araujo" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste de_Araujo" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Celeste de_Araujo" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Celeste de_Araujo, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { portugal, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { portugal, }
			add_money portugal 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = venice
		destroy_units venice princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Cristina Giustinian
			spawn_character venice Cristina Giustinian, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Giustinian" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Giustinian" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Giustinian" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Cristina Giustinian" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Cristina Giustinian, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Francesca Basilio
			spawn_character venice Francesca Basilio, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Basilio" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Basilio" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Basilio" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Francesca Basilio" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Francesca Basilio, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Costanza da_Canal
			spawn_character venice Costanza da_Canal, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Costanza da_Canal" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanza da_Canal" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanza da_Canal" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Costanza da_Canal" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Costanza da_Canal, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nicola Querini
			spawn_character venice Nicola Querini, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Nicola Querini" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola Querini" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola Querini" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nicola Querini" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nicola Querini, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { venice, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { venice, }
			add_money venice 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = milan
		destroy_units milan princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Fiametta di_Loano
			spawn_character milan Fiametta di_Loano, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta di_Loano" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta di_Loano" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta di_Loano" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Fiametta di_Loano" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Fiametta di_Loano, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Lucrezia Malatesta
			spawn_character milan Lucrezia Malatesta, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezia Malatesta" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezia Malatesta" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezia Malatesta" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Lucrezia Malatesta" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Lucrezia Malatesta, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Chiara Pastorino
			spawn_character milan Chiara Pastorino, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Chiara Pastorino" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Chiara Pastorino" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Chiara Pastorino" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Chiara Pastorino" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Chiara Pastorino, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Silvia de_Fornari
			spawn_character milan Silvia de_Fornari, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Silvia de_Fornari" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia de_Fornari" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia de_Fornari" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Silvia de_Fornari" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Silvia de_Fornari, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { milan, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { milan, }
			add_money milan 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = sicily
		destroy_units sicily princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Elvira Barresi
			spawn_character sicily Elvira Barresi, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Barresi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Barresi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Barresi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elvira Barresi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elvira Barresi, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Amelia di_Battalaro
			spawn_character sicily Amelia di_Battalaro, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Amelia di_Battalaro" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia di_Battalaro" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia di_Battalaro" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Amelia di_Battalaro" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Amelia di_Battalaro, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Eulalia di_Fiore
			spawn_character sicily Eulalia di_Fiore, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Fiore" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Fiore" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Fiore" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Eulalia di_Fiore" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Eulalia di_Fiore, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Urrica di_Ragusa
			spawn_character sicily Urrica di_Ragusa, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Urrica di_Ragusa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Urrica di_Ragusa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Urrica di_Ragusa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Urrica di_Ragusa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Urrica di_Ragusa, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { sicily, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { sicily, }
			add_money sicily 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = hungary
		destroy_units hungary princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists E#va Martonfalvi
			spawn_character hungary E#va Martonfalvi, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "E#va Martonfalvi" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Martonfalvi" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Martonfalvi" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "E#va Martonfalvi" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move E#va Martonfalvi, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Anna Buzad
			spawn_character hungary Anna Buzad, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Anna Buzad" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Buzad" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Buzad" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Anna Buzad" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Anna Buzad, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Virag Zsolnai
			spawn_character hungary Virag Zsolnai, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Virag Zsolnai" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Virag Zsolnai" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Virag Zsolnai" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Virag Zsolnai" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Virag Zsolnai, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Luca Pelencei
			spawn_character hungary Luca Pelencei, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Luca Pelencei" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Pelencei" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Pelencei" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Luca Pelencei" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Luca Pelencei, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { hungary, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { hungary, }
			add_money hungary 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = poland
		destroy_units poland princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Brodzislawa Siedlik
			spawn_character poland Brodzislawa Siedlik, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Siedlik" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Siedlik" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Siedlik" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Brodzislawa Siedlik" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Brodzislawa Siedlik, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Roza Jablonowski
			spawn_character poland Roza Jablonowski, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Roza Jablonowski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Roza Jablonowski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Roza Jablonowski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Roza Jablonowski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Roza Jablonowski, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Dobrawa z_Michalowa
			spawn_character poland Dobrawa z_Michalowa, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa z_Michalowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa z_Michalowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa z_Michalowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobrawa z_Michalowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobrawa z_Michalowa, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Swietoslawa Slaski
			spawn_character poland Swietoslawa Slaski, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Slaski" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Slaski" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Slaski" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Swietoslawa Slaski" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Swietoslawa Slaski, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { poland, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { poland, }
			add_money poland 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = lithuania
		destroy_units lithuania princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Regelinda z_Michalowa
			spawn_character lithuania Regelinda z_Michalowa, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda z_Michalowa" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda z_Michalowa" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda z_Michalowa" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Regelinda z_Michalowa" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Regelinda z_Michalowa, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Nerija Woloszyn
			spawn_character lithuania Nerija Woloszyn, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Nerija Woloszyn" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Nerija Woloszyn" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Nerija Woloszyn" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Nerija Woloszyn" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Nerija Woloszyn, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ryte Bobrzycki
			spawn_character lithuania Ryte Bobrzycki, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Ryte Bobrzycki" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryte Bobrzycki" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryte Bobrzycki" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ryte Bobrzycki" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ryte Bobrzycki, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Rima Krobcza
			spawn_character lithuania Rima Krobcza, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Rima Krobcza" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rima Krobcza" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rima Krobcza" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rima Krobcza" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rima Krobcza, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { lithuania, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { lithuania, }
			add_money lithuania 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = kievan_rus
		destroy_units kievan_rus princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Svyatoslava Shonur
			spawn_character kievan_rus Svyatoslava Shonur, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Svyatoslava Shonur" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Svyatoslava Shonur" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Svyatoslava Shonur" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Svyatoslava Shonur" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Svyatoslava Shonur, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Maria Veprev
			spawn_character kievan_rus Maria Veprev, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Maria Veprev" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Veprev" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Veprev" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Maria Veprev" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Maria Veprev, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vseslava Velyaminov
			spawn_character kievan_rus Vseslava Velyaminov, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Velyaminov" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Velyaminov" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Velyaminov" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vseslava Velyaminov" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vseslava Velyaminov, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Predslava Dei
			spawn_character kievan_rus Predslava Dei, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Dei" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Dei" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Dei" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Predslava Dei" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Predslava Dei, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { kievan_rus, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { kievan_rus, }
			add_money kievan_rus 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = russia
		destroy_units russia princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Dobroslava Dei
			spawn_character russia Dobroslava Dei, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Dei" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Dei" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Dei" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Dobroslava Dei" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Dobroslava Dei, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elena Smolin
			spawn_character russia Elena Smolin, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Elena Smolin" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Smolin" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Smolin" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elena Smolin" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elena Smolin, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Tatiana Turena
			spawn_character russia Tatiana Turena, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Turena" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Turena" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Turena" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Tatiana Turena" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Tatiana Turena, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Vasilisa Zvenigorodskii
			spawn_character russia Vasilisa Zvenigorodskii, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Zvenigorodskii" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Zvenigorodskii" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Zvenigorodskii" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Vasilisa Zvenigorodskii" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Vasilisa Zvenigorodskii, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { russia, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { russia, }
			add_money russia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = jerusalem
		destroy_units jerusalem princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Judith du_Puy
			spawn_character jerusalem Judith du_Puy, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Judith du_Puy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith du_Puy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith du_Puy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Judith du_Puy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Judith du_Puy, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Mathilde de_Ridefort
			spawn_character jerusalem Mathilde de_Ridefort, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Ridefort" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Ridefort" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Ridefort" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Mathilde de_Ridefort" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Mathilde de_Ridefort, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Elisabeth de_Bassenheim
			spawn_character jerusalem Elisabeth de_Bassenheim, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth de_Bassenheim" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth de_Bassenheim" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth de_Bassenheim" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Elisabeth de_Bassenheim" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Elisabeth de_Bassenheim, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Echive de_Percy
			spawn_character jerusalem Echive de_Percy, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Echive de_Percy" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Echive de_Percy" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Echive de_Percy" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Echive de_Percy" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Echive de_Percy, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { jerusalem, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { jerusalem, }
			add_money jerusalem 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	if I_SettlementOwner Vilnius = georgia
		destroy_units georgia princess
		set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 0
		if not I_CharacterExists Rusudan Martqopeli
			spawn_character georgia Rusudan Martqopeli, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Rusudan Martqopeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusudan Martqopeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusudan Martqopeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Rusudan Martqopeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Rusudan Martqopeli, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Salome Jaqeli
			spawn_character georgia Salome Jaqeli, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Salome Jaqeli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Jaqeli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Jaqeli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Salome Jaqeli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Salome Jaqeli, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Ia Panaskerteli
			spawn_character georgia Ia Panaskerteli, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Ia Panaskerteli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Panaskerteli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Panaskerteli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Ia Panaskerteli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Ia Panaskerteli, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
		and not I_CharacterExists Asmat Takvereli
			spawn_character georgia Asmat Takvereli, princess, age 19, x 251, y 242
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Takvereli" RoyalLady 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Takvereli" RoyalLadyC 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Takvereli" AgentPiety 1
			console_command give_trait "Asmat Takvereli" PrettyWoman 1 ;
			move Asmat Takvereli, 250,242
			historic_event royal_lady factions { georgia, }
			set_counter vilnius_courtesan_id 1
		end_if
		if I_CompareCounter vilnius_courtesan_id = 0
			historic_event royal_lady_fail factions { georgia, }
			add_money georgia 6000
		end_if
	end_if
	set_recruit_pool Vilnius_Province 0 Royal Envoy
end_monitor

;=======================================================================
;END:------------------- Royal Ladies of the Court---------------------;
;=======================================================================