;SS6.4 descr_character edited by gracul: Jan-2011
; Early Era Campaign

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
starting_action_points	140	; default value for all characters and pathfinding calculations

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
type			named character

actions			moving_normal, moving_quickmarch, garrison, assault, attack, besiege, entrench, ambush, diplomacy, bribe, exchange, building_fort, building_watchtower
wage_base		200
starting_action_points	140

faction			lithuania
dictionary		1
strat_model		aztec_general
strat_model		aztec_general					; heir
strat_model		aztec_general					; pagan leader
strat_model		early_northern_king					; catholic leader
battle_model	Aztec_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_general
strat_model		count_tripoli					; count of tripoli
strat_model		prince_antioch					        ; prince of antioch
strat_model		early_northern_king					; king of jerusalem
strat_model		emperor_constantinople					; emperor of constantinople
battle_model	Fancy_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		teutonic_general
strat_model		teutonic_general					; heir
strat_model		teutonic_grand_master					; leader
battle_model	Teutonic_Grandmaster
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		early_southern_general
strat_model		early_southern_general					; heir
strat_model		early_southern_leader					; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		early_southern_general
strat_model		early_southern_general					; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king					; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		early_southern_general
strat_model		early_southern_general					; heir
strat_model		early_southern_leader					; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		early_southern_general
strat_model		early_southern_general					; heir
strat_model		pope						; leader
battle_model	Fancy_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_general
strat_model		islamic_general					; heir
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; leader
battle_model	Eastern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_general
strat_model		islamic_general					; heir
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; leader
battle_model	Eastern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_general
strat_model		islamic_general					; heir
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; leader
battle_model	Eastern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield


faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
strat_model		william_wallace
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			cumans
dictionary		1
strat_model		aztec_general
strat_model		aztec_general				; heir
strat_model		aztec_general				; leader
battle_model	Aztec_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_general
strat_model		islamic_general					; heir
strat_model		islamic_general					; leader
battle_model	Eastern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_general
strat_model		islamic_general					; heir
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan				; leader
battle_model	Eastern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_general
strat_model		islamic_general					; heir
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan				; leader
battle_model	Eastern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byzantine_general
strat_model		byzantine_heir					; heir
strat_model		byzantine_emperor					; leader
battle_model	byzantine_general
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_general
strat_model		islamic_general					; heir
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan				; leader
battle_model	Eastern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		aztec_general
strat_model		aztec_general					; heir
strat_model		aztec_general					; leader
battle_model	andronicus
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		aztec_general
strat_model		aztec_general					; heir
strat_model		aztec_general					; leader
battle_model	andronicus
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_southern_general
strat_model		early_southern_general					; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king					; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_southern_general
strat_model		early_southern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		east_christ_general
strat_model		aztec_general					; heir
strat_model		aztec_general					; leader
battle_model	andronicus
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			dummies
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_general				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		early_northern_general
strat_model		early_northern_general				; heir
strat_model		early_northern_general				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
type			general

actions	moving_normal, moving_quickmarch, garrison, assault, attack, besiege, entrench, ambush, exchange
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	140

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Eastern_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Eastern_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Eastern_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		william_wallace2
battle_model	william_wallace2
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Eastern_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Eastern_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Eastern_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byzantine_captain
battle_model	byzantine_captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Eastern_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		crusader_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			dummies
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			spy

actions			moving_normal, spying
wage_base		100
starting_action_points	200

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			dummies
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			assassin

actions			moving_normal, assassinate, sabotage
wage_base		200
starting_action_points	140

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin


faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			dummies
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin


;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			diplomat

actions			moving_normal, diplomacy, bribe
wage_base		100
starting_action_points	240

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_ambassador

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_ambassador

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_ambassador

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_ambassador

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_ambassador

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_ambassador

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_ambassador

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_ambassador

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			dummies
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_ambassador

;faction			slave
;dictionary		2
;strat_model		diplomat

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			admiral

actions			moving_normal, quick_sail, blockade, disembark, exchange
wage_base		50
starting_action_points	200

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		scythia_admiral

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		briton_admiral

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		german_admiral


faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		macedon_admiral

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		julii_admiral

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		brutii_admiral

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		scipii_admiral

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		senate_admiral

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		macedon_admiral

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		egypt_admiral

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		egypt_admiral

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		egypt_admiral

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		seleucid_admiral

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		scythia_admiral

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		parthia_admiral

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		pontus_admiral

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		gaul_admiral

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		german_admiral

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		briton_admiral

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		armenia_admiral

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		dacia_admiral

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		greek_cities_admiral

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		numidia_admiral

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		scythia_admiral

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		scythia_admiral

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		spain_admiral

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		spain_admiral

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		thrace_admiral

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		greek_cities_admiral

faction			dummies
dictionary		2
strat_model		slave_admiral

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		slave_admiral


;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			princess

actions			moving_normal, diplomacy, bribe, marry
wage_base		150
starting_action_points	160

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady2

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_princess

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_princess

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_princess

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			cumans
dictionary		1
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady2

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		princess

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_princess

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_princess

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady2

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_princess

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady2

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady2

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady2

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_princess
strat_model		royal_lady

;faction			slave
;dictionary		2
;strat_model		princess


;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			merchant

actions			moving_normal, acquire
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	180

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_merchant

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_merchant

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_merchant

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_merchant

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_merchant

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_merchant

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_merchant

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_merchant

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			dummies
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_merchant

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_merchant


;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			priest

actions			moving_normal, denounce
wage_base		80
starting_action_points	140

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; default pagan model
strat_model		pagan_high_priest					; advanced pagan priest

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			teutonic_order
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal                                       ; advanced priest

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal                                       ; advanced priest

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			milan
dictionary		15
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			kwarezm
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			timurids
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; default pagan model
strat_model		pagan_high_priest					; advanced pagan priest

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; default pagan model
strat_model		pagan_high_priest					; advanced pagan priest

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest
strat_model		pope						; antipope

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest
strat_model		pope						; antipope

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		orthodox_priest						; default model
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		orthodox_priest						; default model
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		orthodox_priest						; default model
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		orthodox_priest						; default model
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest


faction			dummies
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

;faction		slave
;dictionary		2
;strat_model		priest						        ; default model
;strat_model		bishop						        ; medium level priest
;strat_model		cardinal					        ; advanced priest


;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			heretic

actions			moving_normal
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	80

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		heretic
strat_model		heretic
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			witch

actions			moving_normal
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	80

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		witch
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			inquisitor

actions			moving_normal, denounce
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	100

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		inquisitor
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

